
           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2002, on August 20, 2002, United States District Judge Deborah K. Chasanow entered an order in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland dismissing the complaint. On September 17, 2002, the plaintiffs appealed the District Court's decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. On December 30, 2002, the appeal was dismissed by the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. This decision ends the matter.The original complaint charges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between February 7, 2000, and July 5, 2000. For example, as alleged in the complaint, on February 7, 2000, defendants issued a press release announcing the Company's planned acquisition of Avesta Technologies Inc. ("Avesta), and representing that the combined organization would experience 50% growth in top line revenue during 2000-2001. This statement was false and misleading, and defendants knew, or recklessly disregarded its falsity, because the Company had no reasonable basis for asserting a 50% revenue growth. Following the acquisition, defendants failed to disclose that the Company was experiencing significant difficulty in the integration of Avesta, which negatively impacted its overall operations. On July 5, 2000, Visual Networks announced that its second quarter of 2000 earnings would fall well below analysts' consensus estimates, due in large part, to the diversion of Company resources resulting from Avesta acquisition. In response to this announcement, the stock price of Visual Networks plummeted by 56%.
   				

           			On October 19, 2000, the Court entered the Stipulation and Order consolidating cases 2:00-cv-758 with member cases 2:00-cv-4139 for all purposes. According to the Stipulation and Order, previously, the Court granted the motion of defendants SBC Communications, Inc., Pacific Telesis Group, and Pacific Bell Telephone Company to dismiss the federal and state securities law causes of action in Haney v. Pacific Telesis Group, Case No. 00-758, some with, and some without, leave to amend.  The remaining (ERISA) claims in the Haney action are substantially similar to the claims in the Gottlieb v. SBC Communications, Inc., Case No. 00-4139. The Court has already found the cases to be related.  Thus, according to the Order, the Haney and Gottlieb actions are consolidated and plaintiffs in Gottlieb and Haney will jointly file and serve on counsel a Consolidated Amended Complaint.  According to the docket for the Gottlieb action, on November 3, 2000, a Consolidated Amended Complaint was filed.  On December 11, 2002, the Court entered the Final Order approving the settlement of that class action.According to the Order entered on September 20, 2000, and signed by U.S. District Judge A. H. Matz, the Court grants the defendants’ motion to dismiss without prejudice the 5th, 7th and 8th causes of action in the plaintiffs’ Second Amended Complaint.  Further, the Court grants the defendants’ motion to dismiss the 6th cause of action with prejudice.  The plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal from this order, which was later voluntarily dismissed.On February 28, 2001, the plaintiff filed a First Amended Complaint, and the defendants responded by filing a motion to dismiss the First Amended Complaint in April 2000.  On May 8, 2000, the plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint, and on June 20, 2000, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss causes 5 to 8 of the action in the Second Amended Complaint.  Plaintiffs bring this action pursuant to: (a) section 502 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, section 10(b) and Rule l0b-5 of the Securities Exchange Commission. The Court has subject matter jurisdiction over Plaintiffs' claims under ERISA section 502(e)-(f), 28, U.S.C. section 1132(e)-(f) 28, U.S.C. section 1331, and section 27 and 28 of the Exchange Act, and U.S.C. section 1391(b).The original complaint alleges employees of Pacific Telesis Group (PTG), now SBC Communications Inc., accused the company of abdicating its fiduciary duties and manipulating 401(k) accounts for corporate gain. Among other claims, the plaintiffs say SBC executives violated federal law by "intentionally failing to give clear, timely and informative notice to the PTG Plans' participants of their rights" to keep their stock from being liquidated.
   				













           			According to the docket posted, on June 28, 2005, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Marvin J. Garbis.  The settlement was approved and the action dismissed with prejudice.Previously, on January 26, 2001, the Court entered the Order granting the motion to consolidate the various cases.  On March 28, 2001, the Court entered the Memorandum and Order appointing lead plaintiffs and lead counsel.  On May 7, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint, and the defendants responded by filing motions to dismiss the Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint.  On August 2, 2002, the Court entered the Memorandum and Order granting certain defendants’ and denying certain defendants’ motions to dismiss the Plaintiffs' Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint.  On August 30, 2002, a plaintiff filed a notice of appeal in the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals against the dismissal order.  The appeal was later dismissed. The remaining defendants filed a Stipulation of Settlement.  According to the Stipulation, the settlement fund was in the amount of $7.5 million.   On February 1, 2005, the Court preliminarily approved the settlement.The original Complaint alleges certain officers and directors of Creditrust Corporation ("Creditrust") with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically, the Complaint alleges that the officers and directors, by causing Creditrust to issue false and misleading statements in Creditrust's press releases and public filings during the Class Period, artificially inflated the price of Creditrust common stock during the class period. The defendant officers and directors caused Creditrust to overstate its earnings by deliberately inflating the estimated amounts that could be collected on bad debt receivables purchased by the Company, thereby inflating revenue and pre-tax earnings by at least $4.9 million for the fiscal year 1999 alone. In addition, defendant Rensin sold more than 500,000 shares of his personal holdings in the company during the class period for a profit in excess of $18 million.
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on November 15, 2001, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment approving the settlement and dismissing the complaint with prejudice.  The plaintiffs’ counsel was awarded fees in the amount of 33 1/3% of the gross settlement fund and $100,000 in reimbursement of expenses.  The case is closed.As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2001, the Company and certain of its prior officers and directors and one of its current directors are defendants in a consolidated class action lawsuit (the "Consolidated Action") in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas captioned In re drkoop.com, Inc. Securities Litigation. The Consolidated Action, which is maintained on behalf of purchasers of the Company's securities, alleges violations of the federal securities laws. On October 16, 2000, pursuant to statutory procedural requirements, the Court selected lead plaintiffs for the plaintiff class and approved lead plaintiffs' selection of lead plaintiffs' counsel. On or about January 11, 2001, the lead plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint. In June of 2001, the Consolidated Action was settled in principle, and a Memorandum of Understanding has been executed by counsel for plaintiffs and defendants to evidence the agreement in principle. The settlement contemplates a $4.25 million cash payment by the Company's insurance carriers and the issuance of 4,000,000 7-year warrants to the plaintiffs with an exercise price of $2.50 per share. The settlement is subject to court approval.The original complaint alleges that defendants violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling Drkoop.com common stock pursuant to the June 8, 1999 IPO without disclosing to investors that some of the underwriters in the offering, including the lead underwriters, had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. The complaint alleges that, in exchange for the excessive commissions, members of the underwriting group Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. and Hambrecht & Quist LLC allocated Drkoop.com shares to customers at the IPO price of $9.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $9.00, the underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of Drkoop.com stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive Drkoop.com's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $9.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $20.25 on June 9, 1999, its first day of trading, and which subsequently, on July 6, 1999, rose to a peak price of $45.75.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2001, the Company's Motion to Dismiss filed with the Court on February 16, 2001 was heard on May 29, 2001 at which time the Court dismissed the suit without prejudice and granted leave to the Plaintiffs to amend and re-file their complaint on or before July 20, 2001. As the Plaintiffs did not re-file a complaint, the Court has dismissed the suit with prejudice, resulting in a complete resolution in favor of the Company.As summarized by the same SEC filing, on June 20, 2000, the Company and its former chief executive officer, former chief financial officer andchief operating officer were named as defendants in litigation brought by Ronald M. Dickerman, in his individual capacity, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,  alleging that the Company and the named executive officers violated Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.  Mr. Dickerman subsequently amended the complaint to assert his claims on behalf of an unnamed class of plaintiffs. On July 28, 2000, Benjamin LeBorys commenced a class action lawsuit making similar allegations against the Company and certain of its officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.  The cases were consolidated, and Mr. LeBorys was named lead plaintiff. The original Complaint charges Omega and certain officers and directors of the Company during the relevant time period with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, for, among other things, making false and misleading public statements concerning its financial condition during the Class Period. During the Class Period, Omega issued a series of false and misleading statements regarding the profitability of its investments in healthcare facilities. 
   				





           			According the latest docket posted, on November 19, 2002, the Court entered the Order signed by U.S. District Judge Maxine M. Chesney granting the motion to dismiss Third Amended Complaint with prejudice.  That day, the Court also entered Judgment, and the case was dismissed with prejudice.As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2002, in July 2000, a lawsuit entitled Jiminez v. Pinnacle Systems, Inc. et al., No. 00-CV-2596 was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. Additional actions based on the same allegations were filed in the same Court. In October 2000, all of the actions were consolidated under the name In re Pinnacle Systems, Inc. Securities Litigation, Master File No. C-00-2596-MMC, and lead plaintiffs and lead counsel were appointed. The consolidated action is a putative class action alleging that defendants violated the federal securities laws by making false and misleading statements concerning the Company’s business during a putative class period of April 18, 2000 through July 10, 2000. Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages. Plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint in December 2000, and defendants thereafter moved to dismiss that complaint. In a written order dated May 7, 2001, the Court dismissed the consolidated amended complaint and permitted plaintiffs to file an amended complaint. Plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint in June 2001. Defendants thereafter moved to dismiss that complaint. In a written order dated January 25, 2002, the Court dismissed the second amended complaint and granted plaintiffs leave to amend. On March 22, 2002, plaintiffs filed a third consolidated amended complaint. Defendants’ motions to dismiss plaintiffs’ third consolidated amended complaint is currently scheduled to be heard on November 15, 2002. The original complaint alleges that defendants' false and misleading statements concerning the revenues to be derived from its streaming media products, which would result in 4thQ and Fiscal 2000 (to end 6/30/00) EPS of $.17 and $.58, artificially inflated the price of Pinnacle stock to a Class Period high of $30-5/8. This upsurge in Pinnacle's stock caused by defendants' false and misleading statements allowed the insiders to sell 78,000 shares of their Pinnacle stock for proceeds of $2.1 million and enabled Pinnacle to complete the $24 million acquisition of the Avid Sports business. On 7/11/00, shortly after the acquisition was completed on 6/30/00, Pinnacle revealed that it was in fact suffering a huge drop in revenues and exposed the problems Pinnacle had been experiencing during the Class Period in successfully selling its products. This announcement caused its stock price to drop to as low as $8-13/16 on record volume of 23.7 million shares on 7/11/00 causing hundreds of millions of dollars in damages to members of the Class.
   				

           			By the Order and Final Judgment entered on May 28, 2003, the settlement set forth in the Settlement Agreement is approved, and the complaint is dismissed with prejudice and without costs. By the Notice of Proposed Settlement of Class Action Against Anicom Director and Officer Defendants, and Hearing on Proposed Settlement and Attorneys' Fee Petition, a second proposed settlement has been reached in this case. The first settlement - already approved by the federal district court in Chicago - was with PricewaterhouseCoopers ("PwC"), the former Anicom independent auditors. This second proposed settlement is with four former officers and directors of the now-bankrupt Anicom Inc. - former board chairman, former CEO, former CFO, and former COO. Together with the previous PwC settlement, this second proposed settlement would provide a gross recovery of between $11 million and $11.5 million to members of the overall Anicom Shareholder Class (those who purchased shares of Anicom common stock on the open market between April 29, 1998 and July 18, 2000, inclusive). This second proposed settlement alone would provide an immediate gross recovery to the Anicom Shareholder Class of $5,263,750, with the possibility of an increase up to $5,763,750.PwC settled with the PwC Shareholder Class (defined as persons who purchased common stock of Anicom over the open market between February 17, 1999 and July 18, 2000, inclusive). After notice to PwC Shareholder Class members, the PwC Settlement was approved by this Court in an Order and Final Judgment on November 26, 2002 . This settlement resulted in a recovery of approximately $5,750,000 to the members of the PwC Shareholder Class. On July 13, 2001, Lead Plaintiff SWIB filed its First Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint, amending the claims previously filed in federal district court, to allege that PwC, Anicom's auditor during the class period, also participated in the fraud alleged against Anicom and the Individual Defendants. PwC filed a motion to dismiss these claims, which was denied on November 20, 2001. On March 26, 2002, over PwC's objections, the Court granted SWIB's motion for class certification, certifying a plaintiff class against PwC.On January 5, 2001, Anicom filed a voluntary petition of relief under Chapter 11 § 101 (the "Bankruptcy Code"), which is currently pending before Judge Susan Pierson Sonderby, in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Illinois ("Bankruptcy Court"). The Joint Recovery Agreement was approved by the Bankruptcy Court and later approved by the District Court, after notice to class members in the Securities Shareholder Class Action and approval hearing, pursuant to Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and the PSLRA.Similar cases were consolidated before United States District Judge John W. Darrah. Consistent with the requirements of Rule 23 and the PSLRA, SWIB, a member of the purported class, filed a motion seeking to be selected as Lead Plaintiff of the Shareholder Class, and the Court, having determined that SWIB was the class member "most capable of adequately representing the interests of class members," appointed SWIB as Lead Plaintiff and approved SWIB's selection of Susman Godfrey, L.L.P., as Lead Counsel, with assistance from Foley & Lardner and Keller Rohrback, L.L.P.  A Consolidated Complaint was filed December 18, 2000.The original Complaint charges that Anicom and its executives violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, by issuing a series of false and misleading statements during the Class Period that materially overstated Anicom's revenues, income and earnings growth. These statements were materially false and misleading since they were attributable to improper accounting practices which resulted in overstatement of net assets in violation of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"). As a result of Anicom's materially false and misleading statements, the market price of the Company's common stock was artificially inflated during the Class Period. On July 18, 2000, Anicom revealed to the market that it was investigating possible "accounting irregularities" which could result in a revision of its 1998 and 1999 financial statements. It is currently believed that the total effect of these accounting revisions and charges could be as much as $35 million. Thereafter, Anicom's President and Chief Financial Officer took administrative leave pending completion of the Company's investigation. Following the announcement, trading in Anicom common stock was halted and has not yet resumed.
   				

           			According to the latest docket posted, on February 21, 2003, the Court entered the Mandate from the Second Circuit Court of Appeals.  According to the Mandate, the judgment of the District Court was affirmed in accordance with the opinion of the Second Circuit Court of Appeals.On January 28, 2002, the Court entered the Memorandum and Order signed by U.S. District Judge Lawrence M. McKenna granting the defendants’ motions to dismiss the Corrected Consolidated Amended Class Action Compliant.  According to the Order, defendants’ Motion to dismiss are granted on the ground that plaintiffs' claims pursuant to the federal securities laws are untimely, the complaint having been filed after the expiration of the applicable statutory limitations period. Having so determined, this Court does not address defendants’ other arguments in support of their Motions to dismiss. The Corrected Consolidated Class Action Complaint is dismissed.  Judgment was entered and the case was closed. On February 5, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal. As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, in July 2000, the Company was served with a purported securities class action complaint. Subsequently, six nearly identical complaints were filed. The complaints allege that the Company and certain of its officers and directors violated certain securities laws by making false and misleading statements about the Company's business and prospects during the period from August 5, 1997 to April 14, 2000. The actions are purportedly brought on behalf of all persons who purchased the Company's stock during that period. The plaintiffs' damages are not specified. In November 2000, the Court granted the Plaintiffs' motion to consolidate these actions and for appointment of lead plaintiffs and lead plaintiffs' counsel. On February 5, 2001, plaintiffs filed a Corrected Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint.The original Complaint charges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between August 5, 1997 and April 14, 2000, thereby artificially inflating the price of Frontier common stock. For example, as alleged in the complaint, on December 4, 1997, Frontier announced that it expected to boost the scope of its medical malpractice business through the acquisition of Western Indemnity Insurance Company. In fact, as revealed on April 14, 2000, the increase in the Company's medical malpractice business resulted from the Company's relaxation of underwriting standards, loosening of policy terms and predatory pricing - not simply by its acquisition of Western's medical malpractice business. On April 14, 2000, the Company announced a revision of its previously reported 1999 results causing its stock to close at $1 per share, a decline of more than 97% from the class period high of $38.6875 per share.
   				



           			According to the docket posted, on December 2, 2002, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District William G. Bassler.  The settlement was approved and the case closed.By the Notice Of Pendency Of Class Action, a Settlement Fund consisting of $2,450,000 in cash, plus interest, has been established.  Pursuant to Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and an Order of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (the "Court") dated September 6, 2002, that a hearing will be held before the Honorable William G. Bassler in the United States District Court, Martin Luther King, Jr. Federal Building & Courthouse, 50 Walnut Street, Newark, New Jersey 07101, at 11:00 a.m., on December 2, 2002 (the "Settlement Fairness Hearing") to determine whether a proposed settlement (the "Settlement") of the above-captioned action (the "Action") as set forth in the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement dated as of August 7, 2002 (the "Stipulation"), is fair, reasonable and adequate and to consider the proposed Plan of Allocation for the Settlement proceeds and the application of Plaintiffs' Counsel for attorneys' fees and reimbursement of expenses.The Court, by Order for Notice and Hearing, dated September 6, 2002, has certified a Plaintiff Class consisting of all persons who purchased the common stock of Biomatrix, Inc. ("Biomatrix") between July 20, 1999 and April 12, 2000, inclusive.On December 20, 2000, the Court entered the Order granting the motion to consolidate the cases, and granting the motion for appointment of lead plaintiff and approval of selection of lead counsel. According to the Order, Group One Ltd. was appointed lead plaintiff, Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP was appointed lead counsel, and Lite DePalma Greenberg & Rivas LLC was appointed liaison counsel.  On February 20, 2001, a Consolidated Class Action Complaint was filed, and the defendants responded by filing a motion to dismiss the consolidated class action complaint.  On September 9, 2002, the Court entered the Order certifying the action for purposes of settlement, and later that month, on September 18, the Court entered the Stipulation and Order dismissing the action as to one of the individual defendants, the President and Director of Biomatrix during the class period.The original complaint alleges that defendants knowingly or recklessly disseminated materially false and misleading statements and omissions that misrepresented the efficacy of its leading product, Synvisc, a gel-like substance used in the treatment of osteoarthritis. Plaintiffs allege that Biomatrix distributes Synvisc primarily through its trading partner, Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories, a division of Home Products ("Wyeth"). Plaintiffs allege that defendants exaggerated medical community acceptance of Synvisc in the treatment of osteoarthritis and that defendants artificially inflated reported sales of Synvisc by stuffing the distribution pipeline with inventory. Plaintiffs allege that misrepresentations and omissions by defendants influenced the views of stock market analysts and fostered an unrealistically positive assessment of Biomatrix and its business, prospects and operations. Plaintiffs allege that, as a result of such misinformation, Biomatrix's stock traded at artificially inflated prices throughout the proposed Class Period.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, on August 16, 2002, the United States District Court granted the Company’s Motion to Dismiss in the Consolidated Action. Plaintiff filed an appeal on December 6, 2002 to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals (the "Fifth Circuit") of the Court's ruling. However, in late January 2003, Plaintiff offered to withdraw the appeal and Plaintiff and Benchmark subsequently entered into an agreement wherein Benchmark agreed not to seek sanctions against Plaintiff in exchange for Plaintiff's covenant not to sue Benchmark for the subject matter made the basis of the current suit and to file with the Fifth Circuit a motion to withdraw the appeal. On January 31, 2003, Plaintiff filed the Motion to Withdraw with the Fifth Circuit and the Fifth Circuit entered a dismissal of the appeal on February 4, 2003.The original action asserts a claim against Benchmark and certain of its officers for violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by reason of material misrepresentations and omissions. Specifically, the complaint alleges that on Oct. 22, 1999, the company announced third quarter earnings that were some 70% below consensus analyst estimates.  The company attributed the poor earnings, in part, to component defects and delays in delivery of certain components during the third quarter.  During that quarter, the company completed a $75 million private placement, and, thereafter, used some of the proceeds of the private placement as well as Benchmark stock to finance a major acquisition.
   				

           			According to the docket, on August 18, 2004, the Court entered the Orders awarding plaintiffs’ counsel's attorney’s fees and reimbursement of expenses pursuant to settlement fund and approving the plan of allocation of the settlement proceeds.  The Court further entered the Final Judgment and Order dismissing the action with prejudice and the case was terminated.On June 4, 2004, a $100 million recovery for shareholders was obtained in the settlement of the securities class action litigation.The action seeks damages for violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. Plaintiff alleges that defendants knowingly or recklessly disseminated materially false and misleading statements and omissions that misrepresented the success of the merger of Honeywell and Allied Signal, Inc. Plaintiff alleges that the Allied/Honeywell merger was problem-ridden and not yielding operational synergies and millions in cost savings, and that the "new" Honeywell's business was not nearly as strong as represented and did not have nearly as strong prospects as forecast by defendants. Plaintiff further alleges that the misrepresentations and omissions by defendants influenced the views of securities analysts and fostered an unrealistically positive assessment of Honeywell and its business, prospects and operations. Plaintiff alleges that, as a result of such misinformation, Honeywell's stock traded at artificially inflated prices throughout the proposed Class Period. Plaintiff alleges that defendants' materially false and misleading statements, included, among others: On April 13, 2000 defendants represented that, "That Honeywell is well-poised to meet its earnings and revenue commitments for 2000 and beyond," and "[w]e are clearly seeing the benefits of the Merger flowing through [to Honeywell].", On May 1, 2000 defendants represented that Honeywell would achieve EPS growth of at least 20% in 2000, On May 9, 2000 defendants represented that the Merger synergies and savings and Honeywell's EPS growth would accelerate as 2000 unfolded.
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on November 24, 2003, the Court entered the Order awarding attorneys’ fees in the amount of 25% of the settlement fund, or $2,750,000, and reimbursement of costs and expenses in the amount of $283,428.75, plus interest earned.  The Court further entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice signed by U.S. District Judge David C. Godbey.Earlier, on December 12, 2000, the Court entered the Memorandum Opinion of U.S. District Judge Jerry Buchmeyer, appointing Saint Denis J. Villere & Co. as lead plaintiff and approving Villere’s choice of Goodkind Labaton Rudoff & Sucharow LLP as lead counsel.  On April 6, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint, and the defendants responded with a joint motion to dismiss the complaint.  On September 25, 2002, the Court entered the Order signed by Judge David C. Godbey denying the joint motion to dismiss.  On October 1, 2003, a Stipulation of Settlement was filed, and the settlement was preliminarily approved by an Order entered on October 15, 2003.  According to the Stipulation of Settlement, the Settlement Fund was in the amount of $11 million, plus interest.The original complaint charges that the Company and certain of its officers and directors violated the federal securities laws by providing materially false and misleading statements about the Company's revenues. Specifically, the complaint alleges that defendants' false and misleading statements concerning the revenues to be derived from its dark fiber segment, artificially inflated the price of CapRock stock. CapRock's top officers knew but concealed that much of its projected in second quarter 2000 revenues was to be derived from a contract which, despite months of efforts, CapRock had been unable to have signed. The upsurge in CapRock's stock price caused by defendants' false and misleading statements allowed CapRock to sell 4.5 million shares of CapRock stock for proceeds of $83 million and enabled defendants to infuse CapRock with desperately-needed capital to fund its operations. On July 6, 2000, days after CapRock's Secondary Offering was completed, CapRock revealed that it was in fact suffering a huge drop in revenues, that its losses would be much greater than defendants had stated in the prior weeks, and exposed the problems CapRock had been experiencing during the Class Period with its dark fiber business. This announcement caused its stock price to drop to as low as $12 from its Class Period high of $36 on record volume of over 4 million shares on July 6, 2000, causing tens of millions of dollars in damages to members of the Class.
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on January 12, 2001, the parties filed a stipulation of dismissal with prejudice.  According to the stipulation, parties shall bear their own costs and attorneys' fees by the settlement agreement and mutual release between the parties dated 01/11/01 and that the court shall retain jurisdiction over the interpretation effectuation and implementation of the agreement until 12/31/01.  The next day, the Court entered the Order signed by U.S. District Judge Gregory M. Sleet granting the stipulation of dismissal, and the case was closed.The complaint charges CACI International Inc. and certain of its senior officers and directors with violations of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder. Plaintiffs seek inter alia, equitable relief to enjoin defendants from soliciting proxies for the Company's Annual Shareholders' Meeting (the  "Shareholders' Meeting") scheduled to be held on December 9, 1999, pursuant to, as the complaint alleges, a materially false and misleading Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on or about October 18, 1999, and the 14A Letter supplement or amendment to the Proxy Statement mailed to CACI shareholders on or about November 3, 1999 (collectively referred to as the "Proxy Statement"). In particular, the complaint alleges that on or about September 14, 1999, plaintiffs sent to CACI's secretary a notice of their intention to nominate eight persons to the Board of Directors of CACI at the forthcoming Shareholders' Meeting. . The complaint further alleges that on or about November 3, 1999, defendants caused the Company to mail the 14A Letter to CACI shareholders which included multiple misrepresentations and omissions concerning plaintiffs and their proposed slate of CACI directors. 
   				



           			According to the docket posted, on May 19, 2003, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Mark L. Wolf. Lead plaintiffs’ counsel was awarded fees in the amount of $2,160,559, and $57,343 in reimbursement of expenses.By the Notice of Pendency of Class Action, a Settlement Fund consisting of $7,850,000 in cash, plus interest, has been established.  A hearing will be held before the Honorable Mark L. Wolf in the United States Courthouse, One Courthouse Way, Boston, Massachusetts 02210, at 3:00 p.m., on March 19, 2003 to determine whether a proposed settlement of the action as set forth in the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement dated October 7, 2002, is fair, reasonable and adequate and to consider the proposed Plan of Allocation for the Settlement proceeds and the application of Plaintiffs’ Counsel for attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses.  Earlier, on August 17, 2000, the Court entered the Memorandum and Order granting the motion to consolidated the cases under In re Carematrix Corp. Securities Corp. Securities Litigation, C.A. 99-12318-MLW. Plaintiffs' joint motion for appointment of lead plaintiffs and lead counsel was allowed to the extent that plaintiffs David Bailey and John B. Crook were designated the lead plaintiffs and the law firm of Berman, DeValerio & Pease LLP was designated lead counsel.  On April 20, 3001, CareMatrix Corporation filed a suggestion of bankruptcy and the case was stayed and closed. On October 10, 2002, a Proposed Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement and a Consolidated Class Action Amended Complaint were filed.The original Complaint charges that CareMatrix and certain of its officers and directors violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically, the Complaint alleges that defendants issued materially misleading statements in Securities Exchange Commission filings and press releases about the Company's business, finances, and prospects, and failed to disclose material information throughout the Class Period.
   				

           			On May 17, 2000, the Court entered the Stipulation and Order signed by U.S. District Judge John C. Lifland dismissing the action as settled with prejudice and without costs.The Complaint, charges that throughout the Class Period, the Company and its chief executive officer and director Andreas Typaldos violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, by engaging in a scheme to artificially inflate the market price of Elligent securities and deceive the investing public by making misrepresentations and omissions of material fact concerning the financial condition of the Company.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2000, on July 11, 2000, the Court dismissed without prejudice the class action complaint. The Court found that the plaintiff had failed to allege sufficient facts to state a claim in light of the heightened pleading standards applicable to the allegations made in the complaint. Under the Court's order, the plaintiff was granted an opportunity to amend his complaint at any time within 30 days of the Court's order to attempt to state a cognizable claim. The parties subsequently entered into a stipulation to voluntarily dismiss the action, which was entered by the court on September 5, 2000.The Complaint charges Eco Soil and several of its top officers with violations of the securities laws and regulations of the United States. The Complaint alleges that defendants issued a series of false and misleading statements and omissions concerning the Company's revenue and operations. Specifically, the Complaint alleges that the Company presented itself as one whose business was primarily focused on the golf course industry and completely failed to disclose its reliance on and risks involved with its Mexican agricultural operations.  Upon the announcement that it anticipated a $3 million shortfall in revenue due to problems in the Mexican tomato industry, the Company's stock price dropped approximately 41% on extraordinarily heavy trading volume. 
   				

           			On April 1, 2002, the Court entered the Memorandum and Order signed by U.S. District Judge Melinda Harmon granting the defendants’ motion to dismiss the Second Amended Class Action Complaint.  The Court further entered the Final Judgment and the consolidated putative class action was dismissed with prejudice.As summarized by a previous FORM 10-K For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001, on December 12, 2000,  USDC-Houston judge dismissed the consolidated amended complaint in the 1999 litigation after finding that it failed to comply with pleading requirements under the law. The plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint on January 31, 2001. Compaq moved to dismiss the second amended complaint on March 6, 2001 and is awaiting a ruling. The original lawsuit charged defendants with violating the federal securities laws by misrepresenting and/or failing to disclose material information regarding weakening demand in certain market sectors which led to slower sales of Compaq's products in those markets and declining profitability from what Compaq and the market had forecast. It alleges that at the same time that Compaq was experiencing a slow down in sales to small and medium size businesses, particularly inNorth America and Europe, defendants repeatedly made statements to themarket directly and through securities analysts that demand for Compaq's products and services remained strong. Defendants Mason, Strecker and Winkler and other executives of the Company took advantage of the inflated stock price by selling over $50 million in Compaq stock while those shares were trading at inflated prices. When Compaq belatedly revealed the slow down in demand and the fact that first quarter 1999 earnings would be less than half what Compaq and analysts had forecast, the price of Compaq shares plummeted, and investors who purchased Compaq securities were damaged thereby.
   				







           			According to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2002, the consolidated case was dismissed by the court on September 28, 2002, and then formally closed on October 31, 2002.The original complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.  The complaint alleges that the defendants issued materially false and misleading information regarding NBTY's financial condition and prospects, including that the Company was immune to industry-wide, negative trends.  The complaint also alleges that defendants failed to disclose material information, including that sales at the Company's Vitamin World stores were declining, that fluctuations in the British Pound would negatively impact the  results of the Company's U.K. Holland Barrett stores, and that the Company's "vertical integration" strategy (acquiring nutritional supplement companies in different segments of the supplement business) had not yielded any positive results. The dissemination of this materially misleading information and the failure to disclose material information caused NBTY's common stock to be artificially inflated throughout the Class Period.  NBTY insiders took advantage of the inflated price of NBTY stock to sell $32.9 million worth of their own shares to unsuspecting investors. When the truth about NBTY 's financial condition was revealed to the investing public, NBTY 's stock price plummeted to $7.06125 per share from $11.06125 on June 15, 2000.
   				

           			According to the Company’s Form 10-K For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001, on January 8, 2002, plaintiffs filed a protective notice of appeal with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, wherein they appealed the District Court’s Order Granting Defendants’ Motion to Dismiss on June 14, 2001, and its December 20, 2001 Order Denying Plaintiffs’ Motion to Lift Stay of Discovery. On February 2, 2002, the parties filed a stipulation with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, whereby all parties agreed to dismiss the appeal with prejudice. On February 4, 2002, the parties also filed a stipulation of dismissal of the case with prejudice in the District Court. On February 7, 2002, the District Court issued its order dismissing the case with prejudice, and on February 14, 2002, the Court of Appeals issued its order dismissing the appeal with prejudice.As summarized by the same SEC filing, on November 9, 2000, the Court entered an order consolidating the several cases, appointing the lead stockholder-plaintiff, and appointing lead stockholders-plaintiffs’ counsel to prosecute the litigation. On February 13, 2001, plaintiffs filed their First Amended and Consolidated Class Action Complaint asserting claims on behalf of a purported class of persons who purchased Company common stock during the period April 14, 2000, through June 21, 2000. In their consolidated complaint, plaintiffs asserted violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, arising out of various alleged misstatements and omissions in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 1999, its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2000, and in other information made publicly available by the Company, and, further, claimed that plaintiffs and the purported class suffered damages as a result thereof. Such alleged misstatements and omissions were claimed to relate to the Company’s trading activities in wholesale energy markets, the Company’s risk management policies and procedures with respect thereto, and the Company’s trading losses in the second quarter of 2000. The plaintiffs requested, among other things, compensatory damages in unspecified amounts and other relief as the Court may deem proper. On March 29, 2001, the Company filed a Motion to Dismiss the Consolidated Complaint, which was granted by the Court on June 14, 2001 without prejudice to allow the plaintiffs the opportunity to amend the complaint to seek to cure the deficiencies identified by the Court.The original class action lawsuit charged Avista and certain of its officers with violations of the federal securities laws. Specifically, plaintiffs have brought claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Complaint alleges that during the Class Period, despite assurances from Avista that it would only enter into derivative contracts as a means to “limit the exposure to market risk,” the Company covertly entered into huge amounts of forward contracts in an undisclosed gamble that electricity prices would decrease in the future. Unfortunately, the price of electricity skyrocketed, resulting in staggering losses on these forward contracts. When the Company disclosed these massive losses, and the impact they would have on the financial position of the Company, the Company’s stock price plummeted. On the day prior to the start of the Class Period, Avista shares closed trading at $37 11/16 per share. After Avista was finally forced to publicly acknowledge the extent of the losses resulting from this improper speculation on June 21, 2000, Avista’s shares closed trading at $19 per share.
   				

           			According to the docket, on February 19, 2002, the Court entered the Order signed by U.S. District Judge Barbara S. Jones.  According to the Order, on January 3, 2002, the Court entered an order dismissing without prejudice the Consolidated Amended Complaint and granting Plaintiffs twenty days to replead. As Plaintiffs have not replead, the Consolidated Amended Complaint is dismissed with prejudice.  On March 28, 2002, the Court entered the Judgment and the case was closed.On October 27, 2000, the Court entered the Stipulation and Order consolidating several actions into a single, consolidated complaint captioned In re Teleglobe Inc. Securities Litigation, 00 civ. 5610.  On November 21, 2000, the Court entered the Order appointing plaintiffs Joe D. Stewart and Barbara Murray as Lead Plaintiffs for the Class and appointing the law firms Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP and Cauley & Geller Lead Counsel.  On February 9, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint, and the defendants responded by filing a motion to dismiss the Consolidated Amended Complaint.The original Complaint charges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between February 11, 1999 and July 29, 1999, thereby artificially inflating the price of Teleglobe common stock. The complaint alleges that during the Class Period, Teleglobe's profitability was plummeting as a result of back office problems in its newly-acquired Excel division, a severe price war in the North American wholesale long distance market, shrinking profit margins in nearly all of its business lines and adverse fluctuations in certain currency markets. Nevertheless, as alleged in the complaint, throughout the Class Period, defendants falsely represented that these problems were merely isolated events in order to permit Teleglobe to complete a huge $1 billion bond offering on July 20, 1999, which was necessary for Teleglobe to raise the capital it needed to finance its $5 billion global telephone network called GlobeSystem, which would facilitate Teleglobe's transition from a provider of slow growing/low margin telephone services to a provider of fast growing/higher margin data services. However, as alleged in the complaint, just eight days after Teleglobe sold $1 billion worth of bonds to unsuspecting investors, it announced that it would badly miss analysts' earnings estimates for the second quarter in a row. Upon this announcement, the price of Teleglobe common stock collapsed in value from $27 13/16 per share to $21 11/16 per share on huge trading volume which was many times more than Teleglobe's average daily trading volume. 
   				

           			According to the Order, dated January 8, 2001, by U.S. District Judge Gary L. Taylor, the settlement of $7,350,000 is approved and the case is dismissed with prejudice.  The case is closed. In a Press Release, dated 12/27/96, a class action was filed involving a course of conduct by Access HealthNet insiders, officers and directors of the Company and the Company's auditors and United States Securities and Exchange Commission counsel that was designed to and did defraud those who purchased Access HealthNet securities during the Class Period, in violation of the federal securities laws.  The Complaint alleges that defendants used manipulative devices and disseminated false financial statements and other false and misleading information about Access HealthNet's business, all of which was designed to and did: (a) artificially inflate the price of Access HealthNet securities during the Class Period; (b) induce investors to purchase shares of Access HealthNet stock; (c) allow certain defendants to sell or offer to sell millions of dollars of their own Access HealthNet shares at artificially inflated levels; and (d) allow defendants to sell or offer to sell millions of dollars of Access HealthNet securities to private investors in various private placement transactions. 
   				



           			According to the docket, on June 25, 2001, the Court entered the Opinion and Order #85745 granting the motion for an order approving the proposed settlement, granting the motion awarding plaintiffs' counsel attorneys' fees and the motion for reimbursing plaintiffs and their counsel their expenses in this litigation.  Further, on September 4, 2001, the Court entered the Federal Final Judgment Order.  The federal action was dismissed with prejudice.In a press release dated May 1, 2001, the Dreyfus Corporation has tentatively agreed to pay $20.5 million to settle a federal class action lawsuit and a state lawsuit brought in 1998 by investors in two Dreyfus mutual funds. A joint hearing to approve the settlement is scheduled before a federal and state court judge on May 30. If the settlement is approved, investors who are parties to the federal lawsuit will share a cash settlement of $18.5 million, before attorneys' fees and expenses are deducted. Federal class members are identified as those who purchased shares of the Dreyfus Aggressive Growth Fund and the Premier Aggressive Growth Fund, or their predecessor funds, between Oct. 1, 1995 and June 8, 1998. The state lawsuit includes those investors who held shares of the same funds, or predecessor funds, from Aug. 1, 1995 through Sept. 30, 1995. These Dreyfus investors will split a $2 million settlement. As summarized by the Notice of Pendency of Class Actions, Proposed Settlement and Settlement Hearing, beginning on June 19, 1998, investors in the Funds filed several putative class actions against certain of the Federal Defendants in the Federal Court. In an Order dated October 2, 1998, the Federal Court consolidated those lawsuits under the caption In re: Dreyfus Aggressive Growth Mutual Fund Litigation, No. 98 Civ. 4318 (HB). In Orders dated October 2, 1998 and June 8, 1999, the Court appointed certain investors in the Funds as the lead plaintiffs for the Federal Class and appointed the following firms as Colead Counsel for the Class: Shalov Stone & Bonner, Spector, Roseman & Kodroff, P.C.; and Stull Stull & Brody. Following the appointment of the lead plaintiffs and the Federal Co-lead Counsel, the Federal Plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint ("CAC") on November 12, 1998. On April 12, 1999, the Federal Defendants moved to dismiss the CAC. The Federal Court ruled on the Federal Defendants' motion to dismiss on January 5, 2000. In that ruling, the Federal Court sustained the Federal Plaintiffs' claims under §§ 11 and 12 of the 1933 Act and dismissed the Federal Plaintiffs' claims for violations of the 1940 Act and for breach of fiduciary duty. The Federal Plaintiffs filed their Second Amended Complaint ("SAC") on January 20, 2000. During a subsequent proceeding, the Court ruled that, pursuant to its January 5, 2000 Order, the Federal Plaintiffs would not be permitted to pursue their claim for violation of § 34(b) of the 1940 Act.   On February 14, 2000, the Federal Plaintiffs moved the Court for an order certifying the Federal Class. On September 20, 2000, the Court granted the Federal Plaintiffs' motion for class certification in its entirety. After the Federal Court certified the Federal Class, the Federal Defendants petitioned the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit to review the Federal Court's decision. On November 13, 2000, after the Federal Class Representatives and the Defendants had reached a tentative settlement of the Federal Action, the Federal Defendants agreed to withdraw that petition from active consideration without prejudice to its renewal.The original complaint alleges violations of the federal Investment Company Act of 1940 and other claims, based on defendants' breach of their fiduciary duty to protect the interests of the Funds' investors. Plaintiff alleges that Schonberg, rather than investing in accordance with the Funds' stated investment objectives and criteria, used the Funds to invest in illiquid stocks in which Schonberg had large personal positions, on the basis of Schonberg's personal financial interests and without regard to the suitability of such investments for the Funds and their investors.
   				

           			As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended July 31, 2005, on February 14, 2005, the Court entered into an order preliminarily approving the settlement, certifying the class for settlement purposes and providing for notice. The Court held a hearing on the settlement on July 11, 2005, and at the hearing, it approved the settlement and entered a final judgment dismissing the case with prejudice.According to a press release dated December 8, 2004, Crossroads Systems, Inc. announced that it has reached an agreement in principle to settle the consolidated securities class action litigation, In re Crossroads Systems, Inc. Securities Litigation, Master File No. A-00-CA-457-JN, pending in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas, Austin Division. The shareholder class will receive a total payment of $4.35 million. Of that amount, the Company’s directors-and-officers insurance carriers have agreed to pay $3.35 million and the Company will pay $1.0 million. As a result, Crossroads will take a charge to earnings in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2004 of $1.0 million for the settlement and will report this with the earnings call scheduled for December 20, 2004. The settlement is subject to a number of conditions, including a definitive agreement and final court approval following completion of a fairness hearing. Defendants filed a motion for summary judgment on June 17, 2002 and another motion for partial summary judgment on July 17, 2002. Plaintiffs filed a response in opposition to the motion for partial summary judgment on July 22, 2002. Defendants’ response in support of their motion for summary judgment was filed on August 12, 2002. The court granted defendants’ motion for partial summary judgment on November 22, 2002, ruling that plaintiffs are not entitled to the fraud-on-the-market presumption of reliance. On February 24, 2003, the Court entered judgment in accordance with the ruling on the motion for summary judgment and closed the case. On February 26, 2003, plaintiffs noticed an appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. On May 25, 2004, the district court received the certified copy of the Fifth Circuit’s judgment affirming in part and vacating in part the lower court’s ruling and remanding the case for further proceedings at the district court level.  The case was reopened.Various cases with similar allegations were consolidated under the caption In re Crossroads Systems, Inc., Securities Litigation, Lead File Case A-00-CV-457-JN on October 12, 2000. Lead Plaintiff and Counsel were appointed by an order dated November 15, 2000. Plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint on February 15, 2001. On April 2, 2001, defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. Plaintiffs filed a response in opposition to defendants’ motion to dismiss on May 25, 2001. Defendants filed a response in support of their motion to dismiss on June 25, 2001. On August 15, 2001, the Court denied the motion to dismiss. Defendants answered the consolidated complaint on October 10, 2001. Pursuant to a scheduling order dated November 15, 2001, all discovery was to be completed by September 16, 2002 with an alternative dispute resolution report due by November 28, 2001. The case proceeded with discovery.The original complaint charges Crossroads and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the federal securities laws. The complaint alleges that Crossroads and certain of its senior executives issued materially false and misleading statements -- in violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 -- regarding Crossroads' operations and financial results for its fiscal third quarter (ending July 31, 2000). Specifically, the complaint alleges that, during the Class Period, Crossroads knew -- but did not disclose to investors until July 27, 2000 -- that certain of its products were experiencing interoperability problems with network software. These problems were so severe that the company, by mid-July, had stopped shipping the products and has not yet resumed shipment of corrected devices. On July 27, 2000, the company disclosed that its revenues would decline from the previous quarter's revenues by a shocking 66% due to the product shipment halt as well as a cancellation of an order at the end of the quarter. When the truth about the company's operations and financial results was finally revealed to investors on July 27, 2000, investors saw their shares lose more than 50% of their value in one day, from $13-7/16 to $6-3/8 per share. Thus, as result of Crossroads' misrepresentations and omissions, the complaint alleges, the price of Crossroads' stock was artificially inflated during the class period, and investors who bought these securities were damaged thereby.
   				



           			According to MTI Technology Corp.'s SEC Form 10-Q filing for the quarterly period ended July 5, 2003, on October 17, 2002, the parties reached a tentative settlement in principle of this action. On or about December 3, 2002, the parties executed and submitted to the court for preliminary approval their agreement to settle the litigation. On May 19, 2003, the District Court preliminarily approved the settlement. On July 28, 2003, the District Court gave final approval of the settlement, all but $125,000 of which was paid by the Company’s insurers, in return for a release of all claims against the Company and the other defendants, and dismissed the litigation with prejudice.The action charges that MTI and certain of its officers violated the securities laws by issuing a series of false and misleading statements concerning the Company’s financial condition and business prospects during the Class Period. In particular, the Complaint charges that MTI failed to disclose the implementation of a revised compensation plan which required the Company to pay out more than $3 million in commissions and bonuses during the fourth quarter 2000 causing MTI to report a loss for that quarter. Further, the Company failed to disclose that sales to dot-com companies were waning and that it was unable to collect payments for products sold to dot-com companies, resulting in a substantial earnings shortfall for both the fourth quarter 2000 and the first quarter 2001. As a result of these revelations, MTI's stock collapsed, falling from a Class Period high of $54 3/8 to as low as $4 per share. Moreover, during the Class Period, but prior to the disclosures, MTI executives sold their stock for proceeds of over $24 million. Plaintiff seeks to recover damages on behalf of all those who purchased or otherwise acquired MTI common stock during the Class Period.
   				

           			On September 18, 2002, the Court entered the Minutes granting the motion for final approval of the settlement.  The Court further entered the Final Judgment by Judge Susan Illston dismissing the case.According to the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement, the parties reached an agreement-in-principle to settle the action. The proposed settlement creates a fund in the amount of $3,400,000 in cash (the "Settlement Fund") and will include interest that accrues on the fund prior to distribution. Based on Representative Plaintiffs' estimate of the number of shares entitled to participate in the settlement and the anticipated number of claims to be submitted by Settlement Class Members, the average distribution per share would be approximately $0.18 before deduction of court-approved fees and expenses.If the settlement is approved by the Court, counsel for the plaintiffs in this case will apply to the Court for attorneys' fees of up to $1,020,000 from the settlement proceeds and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses not to exceed $250,000 to be paid from the Settlement Fund. If the amount requested by counsel is approved by the Court, the average cost per share would be $0.06. The average cost per share could vary depending on the number of shares for which claims are filed.The original complaint charges Unify and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that after the Initial Public Offering in June 1996, Unify's stock was a poor performer and traded below the offering price of $6 for much of 1997 and 1998 and Unify reported little in the way of revenue and earnings growth. In early 1999, the insiders sought to take advantage of the boom in Internet company stock prices so they could sell their personal Unify stock for large gains. To that end, the individual defendants caused Unify to issue false financial results and make false statements during the Class Period concerning Unify's results and demand for new products, causing Unify's stock to trade at artificially inflated levels as high as $37-1/2. Defendants took advantage of this inflation by selling 700,288 of their personal Unify shares for proceeds exceeding $7.8 million. The complaint further alleges that on or around July 31, 2000, Unify issued a press release disclosing that the Company  had engaged in improper accounting and admitting that its fiscal 1999 and fiscal 2000 results had been false, that portions of its previously reported revenues had been "improperly recognized" and that its top two officers had been placed on administrative leave. Trading in Unify's stock was halted, after last trading at $3-5/16 and trading has not resumed.
   				



           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2001, on October 1, 2001, the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas dismissed with prejudice the consolidated federal securities action styled Dov Klein v. BMC Software, Inc., No. 00-CV-359. Plaintiffs have elected not to appeal the dismissal.As previously disclosed by the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2001, on March 9, 2000, the court consolidated four similar actions, ordered that all subsequently filed similar actions be consolidated, and set out a briefing schedule. Subsequently, six additional cases were filed that made similar allegations. These cases were also consolidated into the main action. On August 14, 2000, the plaintiff filed a consolidated amended complaint. This complaint alleges a class of all persons who purchased BMC stock between July 29, 1999 and July 5, 2000. The Company has filed a motion to dismiss the complaints.The original complaint charges BMC and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that defendants' false and misleading statements about strong sales of BMC's existing software products, the successful integration of its acquisitions of Boole & Babbage and New Dimension Software earlier in 1999, strong demand for its mainframe MIPS software, notwithstanding a slow down in sales of IBM mainframe computers, and the lack of customer deferrals of orders or purchases due to Y2K concerns, which would result in 25%-30% EPS growth for BMC during F00-F01 and 3rd and 4thQ F00 EPS of .55 and .64, respectively, artificially inflated its stock to a Class Period high of $86-5/8 on January 3, 2000. During the Class Period, BMC insiders and controlling shareholders sold 1,085,015 shares of their BMC stock at as high as $78.83 for $63.1 million in proceeds. On January 5, 2000, just two days after BMC's stock hit its all-time high, BMC revealed that, due to problems integrating the BMC, Boole & Babbage and New Dimension sales forces, sales execution procedures in Europe and the U.S., and weakness in demand for mainframe MIPS software products, its 3rdQ F00 results would be much worse than earlier forecast. BMC's stock fell from $85-1/8 on January 4, 2000 to $47, an almost 50% drop in one day, and when BMC reported 3rdQ F00 EPS of just $.41, a decline from its 2ndQ F00 EPS and its year-earlier 3rdQ F99 EPS, its stock continued to fall to just $36.
   				



           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2001, in August 2000, the Company, its Chief Executive Officer, and former Chief Financial Officer were named as defendants in seven lawsuits, all filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (Docket Nos: C-00-2792-MMC; C-00-2795-BZ; C-00-2834-SC; C-00-20856-EAI; C-00-3007-EDL; C-00-3027-JCS; and C-00-3079-MMC) (the "Actions") all alleging violations of the federal securities laws. Each of the plaintiffs in the Actions alleges that he purchased shares of the Company's common stock and seeks to represent a class of shareholders who purchased shares during the period July 26, 2000 through August 1, 2000, such dates constituting the period from the Company's release of its financial results for the first quarter of FY 2000, to the date that it issued its press release announcing that it would be restating its financial statements for that quarter. The substantive allegations in each of the Actions are essentially the same, i.e., that the defendants knew, or were reckless in not knowing, that the Company's first quarter financial statements were in error and violated generally accepted accounting principles, and that as a result the putative class members purchased stock at artificially inflated prices and were damaged. In the third quarter of 2001, the parties reached agreement on a settlement, in the amount of $4.2 million, which has received final approval from the court. The negotiated settlement was paid entirely by the Company's insurers.The action charges that Southwall and certain of its officers violated the securities laws by issuing a series of false and misleading statements concerning the Company’s financial condition during the Class Period. In particular, the Complaint charges that Southwall improperly valued its inventory, requiring a restatement of its first quarter results. As a result of these revelations, NASDAQ halted trading in Southwall common stock and, as of the date of this release, trading has not resumed.
   				

           			According to the docket, on November 5, 2002, a settlement hearing was held before U.S. District Judge A. Joe Fish. At the hearing, the Court awarded representative plaintiffs' counsel attorneys' fees of 25% of the settlement fund and reimbursement of litigation expenses in the amount of $111,528.66, together with the interest earned.The Court further approved the Plan of Allocation set forth in the Notice.  On November 6, 2002, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice, and the case was closed.Earlier, on September 14, 2000, the Court entered the Order consolidating all actions under civil action number 3:00-CV-1662-G.  On December 7, 2000, the Court entered the Order appointing lead plaintiff and approving lead plaintiff’s choice of counsel.  On May 4, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a First Consolidated Amended Complaint and the defendants responded with motions to dismiss the complaint.  On April 23, 2002, the Court entered the Memorandum and Order signed by Judge Fish denying the motions to dismiss.  A Notice of Settlement and a Stipulation of Settlement were later filed.  According to the Stipulation of Settlement, the Settlement Fund established was in the amount of $2,200,000 in cash, plus interest, and 3,000,000 shares of MAX Internet common stock.  On August 19, 2002, the Court entered the Order preliminarily approving the settlement, and a settlement hearing was scheduled for November 5, 2002 at 9:30 a.m.The original action seeks damages for violations of the federal securities laws on behalf of all investors who purchased MAX common stock between November 15, 1999 and May 12, 2000 (the “Class Period”). On May 12, 2000, MAX disclosed that its previously reported financial results for the six and three month periods ending December 31, 1999 were false and that the Company had improperly recognized sales based upon falsified documentation. The Company also disclosed that it was restating those prior results by more than $10 million. The complaint alleges that as a result, the price of MAX common stock was artificially inflated during the Class Period.
   				

           			According to co-lead counsel's website, after arms-length negotiations, Lead Plaintiffs and collectively with the Director Defendants agreed to settle the claims against the Director Defendants. Pursuant to the terms of the Director Settlement, a Settlement Fund in the amount of $5,270,000 will be created for the benefit of the Class. On March 2, 2005, Lead Plaintiffs and Defendant FLV entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (the “FLV Stipulation”) to settle the claims asserted against FLV. Pursuant to the terms of FLV proposed settlement, as set forth more fully in the FLV Stipulation, a Settlement Fund in the amount of $250,000 will be created for the benefit of the Class. In March 2005, the Court issued Orders preliminarily approving the Directors and FLV Settlements. A Fairness Hearing to determine, among other things, whether the proposed settlements with the Directors and FLV are fair, reasonable and adequate was held May 24, 2005. On July 18, 2005, Judge Patti B. Saris signed a Final Judgment approving the Settlements and the Plan of Allocation and awarding Plaintiffs’ Counsel attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses. On October 7, 2004, accounting firms KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren of Belgium ("KPMG Belgium") and KPMG LLP of the United States (together the "KPMG Defendants") agreed to pay a total of $115 million to settle the claims against them stemming from the collapse of L&H. The payment by the KPMG Defendants represents one of the largest combined recoveries from accounting firms in a securities class action. On October 14, 2004, the Court issued an order granting Preliminary Approval of this partial settlement with the KPMG Defendants; certifying the action "as a class action on behalf of all persons or entities who purchased the common stock of L&H on the NASDAQ Stock Market or who purchased L&H call options or sold L&H put options on any United States-based options exchange between April 28, 1999 and November 9, 2000, inclusive"; and setting a Settlement Fairness Hearing, to determine among other things, whether this proposed partial settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate, whether the Plan of Allocation for the proceeds of the Settlement is fair and reasonable and to consider Plaintiffs' Counsel's application for attorneys' fees and reimbursement of expenses, for December 20, 2004. On December 20, 2004, the Settlement Fairness Hearing was held and on December 22, 2004, Judge Saris signed an Order and Final Judgment approving the Settlement and the Plan of Allocation and awarding Plaintiffs’ Counsel attorneys’ fees. During 2002, Lead Plaintiffs successfully defeated several motions to dismiss filed by the Defendants. The case then proceeded into the discovery phase of the litigation.On September 21, 2001, Lead Plaintiffs filed their First Consolidated and Amended Complaint (the "Complaint") against certain officers and directors of L&H, KPMG and other defendants involved in the securities fraud at the Company. Lead Plaintiffs also expanded their Class Period to include all investors who purchased L&H common stock or call options or sold L&H put options from April 28, 1998 through and including November 8, 2000. The Company was not named as a Defendant in the Complaint due to its November 2000 bankruptcy filing. In January 2001, the Court appointed three shareholders as Lead Plaintiffs and appointed Lead Counsel.The original complaints allege that the Company’s statements regarding its business and financial results were materially misleading because they included overstated and/or fictitious sales in Korea. After the truth about the Korean sales was revealed, the price of L&H’s shares fell as low as $26-3/4 per share.Additional actions were also brought against the Company in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. In response to a motion brought by Defendants, the Pennsylvania actions have been transferred to the District of Massachusetts. 
   				



           			Several similar class action complaints have also been filed in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, Southern District of New York and the Eastern District of New York.The original complaint charges Xcelera and certain of its officers with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On April 1, 1999, defendants issued a press release announcing that Xcelera had acquired Mirror Image, Co., and made positive statements in this and subsequent press releases regarding the acquisition without disclosing that Xcelera shareholders could have their interests significantly diluted. The complaint further alleges that Xcelera misled investors by failing to inform them that another corporate transaction involving Mirror Image could cause them to incur significant tax liabilities. These materially misleading statements caused Xcelera's common stock to be artificially inflated throughout the Class Period. Meanwhile, Xcelera insiders took advantage of the inflated price to sell approximately 1.6 million of their own shares. When the truth was revealed, the price of Xcelera's stock collapsed to $11.75 per share, dramatically below its Class Period high of $112.50.In early 2001, several class action complaints filed in four different federal district courts were interdistrict transferred to the District of Massachusetts.  The actions were subsequently consolidated by an Order entered on February 2, 2001.  Lead plaintiffs and counsel were also appointed.As summarized by the co-lead counsel’s website, on April 2, 2001, the Lead Plaintiffs filed their Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint (the “Amended Complaint”), which Xcelera moved to dismiss on May 31, 2001 and Plaintiffs opposed on July 16, 2001. On October 3, 2001, the Court held a hearing on Defendants’ Motion to Dismiss, and Judge Rya Zobel issued an order granting in part and denying in part Defendants’ motion on March 8, 2002. Defendants filed their answer to the Amended Complaint on April 9, 2002. Judge Rya Zobel issued an order granting class certification on September 30, 2004. In early March of 2005 the Defendants sought to appeal the class certification order. On December 13, 2005 the First Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed Judge Zobel’s September order certifying the class and the insider trading subclass. Factual and expert discovery have been completed. A final pretrial conference is scheduled for December 19, 2007.On September 20, 2007, the defendants filed a motion for summary judgment.  On April 26, 2008, Judge Rya W. Zobel denied the defendants’ motion for summary judgment.  The defendants filed a motion for reconsideration/leave to renew the defendants’ motion for summary judgment.  On May 12, 2008, Judge Zobel signed the Judgment granting the renewed motion for summary judgment.  This court dismissed the complaint and the case as to all defendants with prejudice.
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on October 25, 2002, the Court entered the Order from the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, affirming the District Court’s October 17, 2001 Order dismissing the case.As disclosed by the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2002, on October 17, 2001, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania dismissed the Brady case against the Company with prejudice. The plaintiff has appealed this decision and filed their most recent reply brief on April 25, 2002.Six similar actions have been filed in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, including one that alleges a class period from May 20, 1998 through November 22, 1999. They have been consolidated into a single action. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is named as a defendant in the case. The Plaintiffs asserted that the Company and certain of its directors and officers violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  (the "Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 by making false and misleading tatements and omissions regarding the prospects of NAHC's business and NAHC's liquidation value and by failing timely to disclose the impact of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 on the long term care services business. The Plaintiffs allege that these statements and omissions artificially inflated the value of the Company's stock during the class period. The Plaintiffs also assert a violation of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14a-9 against the Company and individual Defendants as well as against Wasserstein Perella & Co. in connection with the Company's proxy statements dated August 13, 1999, as amended through September 10, 1999. The Plaintiffs allege that the Defendants were negligent in disseminating the proxy statements, which allegedly contained materially statements. Wasserstein Perella & Co. has notified the Company that it will seek indemnification from the Company in connection with this action, pursuant to its engagement agreement with the Company.
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on March 13, 2002, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order by U.S. District Judge Alicemarie H. Stotler.  The Court approved the settlement as set forth in the stipulation of settlement and the action was dismissed with prejudice.  The Court also entered that day the Order awarding representative plaintiffs' counsel fees in the amount of 25% of the open market purchasers' settlement stock and warrants, and reimbursement of litigation expenses in the amount of $44,827.37.  The Court further entered the Order granting the motion for approval of the plan of allocation of settlement proceeds.By the Notice of Settlement, the parties reached an agreement-in-principle to settle the action. The proposed settlement provides that California Software will distribute 2,650,000 shares of California Software common stock and 3,450,000 warrants as more fully described below in §VI.B, C ("Settlement Stock and Warrants"). The common stock will have a floor value of $0.25 per share, making the stock worth at least $662,500. The warrants' value is based on the price of California Software stock at the time of distribution of the warrants, therefore making it difficult to place a dollar value on the warrants that will be distributed pursuant to the Settlement. However, assuming a value of $0.15 per warrant, the warrants would have a value of $517,500. Thus, the combined value of the Settlement Stock and Warrants would be $1,180,000. Based on Representative Plaintiffs' estimate of the number of shares entitled to participate in the Settlement, and the anticipated number of claims to be submitted by Class Members, the average distribution per share based on the value of the Settlement Stock would be approximately $0.45 before deduction of court-approved fees and expenses.If the Settlement is approved by the Court, counsel for the Representative Plaintiffs will apply to the Court for attorneys' fees of 25% of the Settlement Stock and Warrants and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses not to exceed $150,000, to be paid from the Settlement Stock and Warrants issued to the Open Market Purchasers. If the amount requested by counsel is approved by the Court, the average cost per share would be $0.17. The average cost per share could vary depending on the number of shares for which claims are filed.The original complaint charges California Software and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. California Software describes itself as the international leading provider of IBM Midrange migration software solutions marketed under the brand name BABY. These products support the migration of IBM AS/400 screens and applications into PC-LAN business environment and has more than 100,000 installations in 56 countries. The complaint alleges that in early 2000, the insiders sought to inflate California Software's stock price so they could: (a) complete a $9 million private placement to fund the Company's operations, planned acquisitions and to inflate the book value of defendants' shares; (b) obtain listing on NASDAQ and the American Stock Exchange in order to legitimize the Company and the shares defendants were peddling; and (c) use the Company's shares as currency to fund the acquisition of Hotel Information Systems, Inc. in a stock-for-stock acquisition. The complaint further alleges that to portray the Company as a financially viable company, during the Class Period the individual defendants caused California Software to issue false financial results and make false statements about its results and demand for its new products, including its BABY product, causing its stock to trade at artificially inflated levels. Then on August 7, 2000, California Software admitted that its fiscal 1999 and first quarter 2000 results had been false, that its previously reported revenues had been improperly recognized. On these shocking disclosures, California Software's stock trading dropped to $1-1/32 on August 9, 2000 after trading at $14-3/8 months earlier.
   				

           			As summarized by the lead counsel’s website, additional cases have been filed on behalf of investors. The various cases were consolidated and on March 20, 2001, Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP was appointed Lead Counsel. A Consolidated Amended Complaint was filed on June 4, 2001. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss on July 13, 2001. Plaintiffs' opposition to the motion to dismiss was filed on August 17, 2001. Defendants' reply was filed on September 18, 2001. On December 7, 2001, the court granted defendants' motion to dismiss, but granted plaintiffs' leave to replead. On July 1, 2002, the court entered a default judgment against defendants for failure to defend the action. The case was closed on November 1, 2002.The Complaint filed on August 16, 2000, alleges that certain of the Company's officers and directors violated the federal securities laws by providing materially false and misleading information about the Company's business, operations and financial condition and by siphoning off Company money and violating banking rules and regulations. In particular, the complaint alleges that throughout the Class Period, the defendants made false statements about the Company's financial results and misleadingly touted AppOnline's goal of becoming "a dominant player in the growing online home mortgage business." As a result of these false and misleading statements, the Company's stock traded at artificially inflated prices during the class period.  The complaint further alleges that on or around May 24, 2000, after nearly a year of positive news had been issued by the Company, Newsday reported that Island Mortgage Network, Inc., a subsidiary of AppOnline, was fined by the FHA for making loans that did not comply with FHA standards, based on allegedly false documentation and incomplete or incorrect information. On June 30, 2000, New York State Banking Regulators suspended Island's banking license for allegedly making loans it could not fund and refusing to allow regulators access to its files. On August 14, 2000, AppOnline stock closed at $0.08 per share, down 98.5% from a class period high of $5.50. Trading of AppOnline was then halted.AppOnline filed for protection under the federal bankruptcy laws on or about July 19, 2000 and has not been named as a defendant in this action.Plaintiffs commenced the action titled Horvitz, et al. v. AppOnline.Com, Inc., Dawcin International Corp., et al. in the United States District Court, Eastern District, on March 17, 2000, seeking damages in an amount to be determined at trial, but in no event less than $800,000. Plaintiffs allege violations of the Securities Exchange Act.  According to the docket, on October 5, 2000, the Court entered the Order and Default Judgment against defendants Dawcin International, First Equities, Corp., IMN Equities Corp., Fidelity Transfer, Edward Capuano, Jeffrey Skulsky requiring the defendants to issue a number of shares to the plaintiff.  On June 29, 2001, the Court entered a Stipulation and Order of Dismissal dismissing claims against defendant Jersey Transfer & Trust Co., Inc.  Finally, on February 27, 2004, the Court entered the Order dismissing the case due to a bankruptcy stay.  According to the Order, at the completion of the bankruptcy stay the court will reopen the case upon receipt of letter from counsel so requesting. The case was administratively closed.
   				





           			According to the docket, on December 10, 2002, the Court entered the Orders granting the motion for final approval of allocation of the settlement proceeds and the motion for attorney fees and reimbursement of expenses.  The Court further entered the Final Judgment approving the settlement stipulation and order of dismissal with prejudice.  The case is closed.By the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement, the parties reached an agreement-in-principle to settle the action. The proposed Settlement creates a fund in the amount of $5,900,000 in cash (the "Settlement Fund") and will include interest that accrues on the fund prior to distribution. Based on Representative Plaintiffs' estimate of the number of shares entitled to participate in the Settlement and the anticipated number of claims to be submitted by class members, the average distribution per share would be approximately $1.20 before deduction of Court-approved fees and expenses.If the Settlement is approved by the Court, counsel for the plaintiffs in this case will apply to the Court for attorneys' fees of up to 25% of the settlement proceeds and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses not to exceed $325,000.00 to be paid from the Settlement Fund. If the amount requested by counsel is approved by the Court, the average cost per share would be $0.37. The average cost per share could vary depending on the number of shares for which claims are filed.As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002, on or after August 12, 2000, six complaints were filed in the United States District Court of Utah alleging that TenFold and certain of TenFold’s officers violated certain federal securities laws. All six complaints were virtually identical and alleged that 1) TenFold improperly recognized revenues on some of TenFold’s projects; 2) TenFold failed to maintain sufficient accounting reserves to cover the risk of contract disputes or cancellations; 3) TenFold issued falsely optimistic statements that did not disclose these accounting issues; and 4) TenFold insiders sold stock in early calendar year 2000 while knowing about these issues. On TenFold’s motion, the court consolidated the six complaints into one class action complaint. On May 1, 2001, the plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint. TenFold filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on June 19, 2001. On March 19, 2002, the court granted TenFold’s motion to dismiss the amended complaint, but allowed the plaintiffs leave to make a motion to amend their complaint. The plaintiffs subsequently filed a motion to amend their complaint and TenFold filed a written response. The parties then reached an agreement for settlement of the action. The original complaint charges TenFold and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. TenFold describes itself as a leading provider of large-scale e-business applications for customers in banking, communications, energy, healthcare, insurance, investment management and other industries. The complaint alleges that defendants made false and misleading statements with respect to TenFold's ability to deliver applications on target, that worked and were on time. Defendants also made false and misleading statements concerning the revenues to be derived from its software sales and the quality of its receivables. Further, TenFold concealed the fact that: (a) the quality of its receivables was rapidly deteriorating; (b) the length of its sales cycle was exploding; (c) it failed and/or was unable to produce a stable environment to conduct acceptance tests; (d) it falsely represented "completion dates" in order to induce customers to sign contracts; and (e) its customers were canceling contracts and/or refusing to pay for delivered product which defendants were booking as revenue and receivables. These statements and omissions artificially inflated the price of TenFold stock to a Class Period high of $70. This upsurge in TenFold's stock price caused by defendants' alleged false and misleading statements allowed defendants to sell 508,000 shares of TenFold stock for proceeds of $26.5 million. Defendants' scheme began to unravel when on July 10, 2000 when TenFold disclosed preliminary results for the second quarter ending June 30, 2000, which were well below expectations. After this announcement, the price of TenFold's stock fell nearly 40% to $10-1/4 per share on volume of about 6.6 million shares, more than 25 times the three-month daily average. The full extent of defendants' scheme was not revealed until August 14, 2000, when the Company announced its actual results for the second quarter ending June 30, 2000. In that press release, the Company announced that its net loss for the quarter would be $(6.5) million, or $(0.19) per share, well below the projections in the July 10, 2000 press release.
   				

           			By the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Benson E. Legg on July 26, 2001, the litigation is certified as a class action consisting of all Persons who acquired common stock of Acrodyne from January 1, 1998 through August 14, 2000, inclusive.  The Stipulation and Plan of Allocation are approved as fair, reasonable and adequate.  Plaintiffs Counsel are awarded 25% of the Gross Settlement Fund, as attorney fees, and $24,865, in reimbursement of expenses.By the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement of Class Action, the settlement was for (i) $750,000 in cash plus accrued interest and (ii) 1,600,000 warrants to purchase 1,600,000 shares of Acrodyne common stock at a strike price of $1.00 per share, which shall expire five years from the date that the settlement becomes final.The complaint alleges that Acrodyne and certain of its current and former officers violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. In particular, the Complaint claims that Acrodyne improperly overstated its inventory and gross profits during the Class Period, which will require the Company to amend and restate its 1999 year-end results and its results for first quarter ended March 31, 2000. On August 14, 2000, the Company issued a press release announcing that that it would delay the filing the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2000. The Company also disclosed that it planned to amend and restate its financial results for 1999 and the first quarter of 2000, and that it would engage an independent accounting firm for the purpose of conducting a full review of the inventory balances and related activity to determine the extent of any amendment and restatement. As a result of these revelations, Acrodyne's stock price tumbled approximately 37% on August 14, 2000, until Nasdaq halted trading. As of the date of this release, trading has not resumed.
   				

           			According to the docket, on January 20, 2003, the Court entered the Order by U.S. District Judge Jeremy Fogel granting the motion to remand the case to state court.Earlier, on May 7, 2001, the Court entered the Order and Judgment granting the motion to dismiss the First Amended Complaint and dismissing the action with prejudice as to the defendant.  The Plaintiff soon after filed a Notice of Appeal, and on November 25, 2002, the Court entered the copy of the judgment from the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals affirming in part, reversing, in part, and remanding in part the decision of the District Court.The first amended complaint alleges that in violation of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Defendants harmed these Class Members by materially overstating the underlying value of Imation's common stock in structuring the aforementioned employee stock option transactions. In addition, by misleading these Class Members as to the ultimate shelf-life and the terms and extent of  the exercisability of the various aforementioned Imation stock options, the Defendants also materially overstated to these Class Members the underlying value of and Imation's consideration for the respective stock option agreements and grants. The Complaint further alleges that Defendants wrongfully extinguished and abrogated the Class Members' individual entitlement to their respective substitute options and new options in the course of Imation's sale of Cemax- Icon, along with Imation's worldwide Medical Imaging Systems business, to the Eastman-Kodak Company ("Kodak") (the "Imation-Kodak deal"). In connection with this sale, Imation informed the Class Members that they were being transferred en masse to Kodak without any interruption or termination of their employment status at Cemax-Icon whatsoever. Despite taking that position, Imation informed the Class Members, nonetheless, that they would have a thirty (30)-day deadline to exercise their substitute options at the risk of forfeiting them and that those substitute options that had not yet vested were, indeed, already deemed by Imation to have been forfeited. Moreover, Imation adopted the position that the new options -- none of which, as structured, would have become exercisable until January, 1999 (that is, well after the Imation-Kodak deal was expected to close) -- were similarly forfeited.  The complaint further alleges that the Defendants so misled the Class Members in order to effectuate a plan to acquire Cemax-Icon with the lowest possible expenditures while keeping its crucial employee and consultant base intact, thereby enabling Imation to soon thereafter dispose of Cemax-Icon, along with and as a critical component of Imation's worldwide Medical Imaging Systems business, for maximum profit and limited cash outlay. The Imation-Kodak deal eventually closed on November 30, 1998 in a transaction valued at approximately $520 million.The complaint was originally filed in the Hayward Superior Court and removed to federal court by a Notice of Removal entered on October 21, 1999.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated March 11,2003, The Major Automotive Companies, Inc. (Nasdaq SC: MAJR - news) today announced that the settlement of a class action against the Company and several of its current and/or prior directors and/or officers, captioned In re Fidelityn Holdings, Inc. Securities Litigation, has been approved by the United States District Court Eastern District of New York. Accordingly, the settlement fund will be fully funded with payment of $4,450,000 from the Company's insurance carrier and such funds will be distributed, after payment of legal and administrative expenses, to claimants who have not validly excluded themselves and who submit valid claims. There will be no further costs to the Company in connection with this action and all prior costs have been reflected in the Company's previously issued financial statements. As reported by the Company’s Form 10-K For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2002, in August 2001, the lead plaintiffs in this class action served a Consolidated and Amended Class Action Complaint. This Complaint alleged, among other things, that plaintiffs and other members of the putative class were damaged when they acquired shares of the Company’s common stock because defendants allegedly issued materially false and misleading statements and failed to disclose material information which purportedly cause such stock to trade at artificially inflated prices during the class period. The complaint alleged violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the 1934 Exchange Act, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The allegedly misstated and omitted information concerned primarily the prospects for the Company’s technology business. The complaint sought, among other things, damages in an unspecified amount. In September 2001, the Company moved to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted and for failure to plead with the legally-required factual particularity. In October 2001, the Company reached an agreement with lead plaintiffs to settle this action for $4.45 million, subject to the consent thereto of the Company’s insurance company and court approval. The original complaint charged that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between November 15, 1999 and April 12, 2000. For example, as alleged in the complaint, on November 15, 1999, Fidelity holdings issued a press release announcing its financial results for the third quarter of 1999 which highlighted "record" gross quarterly profits. This statement, the complaint alleged, was materially false and misleading because the Company failed to disclose that millions of dollars in third quarter expenses were improperly deferred into the fourth quarter. On April 12, 2000, the Company issued a press release announcing a net loss of $3.5 million for its 1999 fiscal year, which the Company attributed to disproportionately high fourth quarter expenses, and poor sales at the Company's Technology Division. Following the announcement, Fidelity Holdings' stock price plummeted to $3.38 per share, an 83% decline from its class period high of $20 per share.
   				

           			According to the docket, on October 20, 2002, the Court entered the Order signed by U.S. District Judge Gerard L. Goettel granting preliminary approval of the settlement.  On December 30, 2002, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order of Final Approval, and the case was closed.  On December 18, 2003, the Court entered the Order granting the distribution of the class settlement funds.In a press release dated October 29, 2002, Mercator Software, Inc. announced it  reached an agreement to settle the consolidated stockholder litigation initially filed against the Company in August, 2000, in federal district court. A Stipulation of Settlement has been executed and filed with the Court. The terms of the Stipulation of Settlement, which are subject to final court approval and notice to class members, include no admission of liability by the Company. Under the terms of the settlement, Mercator's directors and officers liability insurance carriers will pay $8.2 million to resolve all claims related to the stockholder litigation. The Company also announced that a shareholder derivative action was filed in Connecticut Superior Court on October 25, 2002, on behalf of two individual persons who are currently members of the class alleging facts substantially similar to the allegations in the consolidated stockholder litigation. The Company believes the shareholder derivative action is without merit and intends to seek dismissal of it in connection with the settlement of the consolidated stockholder litigation.Between August 23, 2000 and September 21, 2000 a series of fourteen purported securities class action lawsuits was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut (the “Court”), naming as defendants Mercator and former officers of the Company. On or about November 24, 2000, these lawsuits were consolidated into one lawsuit captioned: In re Mercator Software, Inc. Securities Litigation, Master File No. 3:00-CV-1610 (GLG). The lead plaintiffs purported to represent a class of all persons who purchased Mercator’s Common Stock from April 20, 2000 through and including August 21, 2000. Each complaint in the consolidated action alleged violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, through alleged material misrepresentations and omissions and seeks an unspecified award of damages. On January 26, 2001, the lead plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in the consolidated matter with substantially the same allegations. On March 12, 2001, the defendants responded by filing a motion to dismiss the Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  On September 14, 2001, U.S. District Judge Gerard L. Goettel issued a ruling denying the motion to dismiss.The original complaint alleges that Mercator and certain of its officers issued false and misleading financial statements and press releases to the investing  public concerning the Company's publicly reported revenues, earnings, and expenses. Moreover, the Company omitted to state material information necessary to be issued in order to make prior statements not misleading. Specifically, on August 21, 2000, after the market had closed, Mercator shocked the investing community by announcing that the Company restated and lowered first- and second-quarter 2000 earnings to account for approximately $2.4 million of under-reported expenses for the period. In addition, the Company stated that it made key management changes to strengthen financial controls and oversight, including the termination of several members of upper management. The Company said that discrepancies in the reporting of expenses surfaced in a review by outside auditors. Following the review, the Company appointed  a new chairman and stated that defendant Kevin McKay, its chief financial officer, only appointed four weeks ago, resigned.
   				

           			According to a press release dated FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, on February 6, 2001, the parties entered into a stipulation pursuant to which plaintiffs agreed to voluntarily dismiss the lawsuit without prejudice. By Order dated February 8, 2001, the court approved the parties' stipulation and dismissed the lawsuit. No consideration was exchanged in connection with the dismissal and neither the lead plaintiffs nor their counsel will receive any compensation or reimbursement of expenses.The complaint charges Scientific and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Scientific develops, markets and sells neuroscience-based software and educational products and services designed to increase human learning and performance. The complaint alleges that defendants' false and misleading statements concerning the revenues to be derived from Scientific's sales of its software artificially inflated the price of Scientific stock to a Class Period high of $23?. This upsurge in Scientific's stock caused by defendants' alleged false and misleading statements enabled defendants to sell 68,300 Scientific shares for proceeds of $1.3 million. On 7/11/00, and days after defendants had received over $1.3 million in trading proceeds, Scientific revealed that it was in fact suffering a huge drop in revenues associated with changes in executive leadership (i.e., superintendent of four separate school districts). Even defendants' explanation for Scientific's disappointing 2ndQ 00 results was false and misleading.
   				

           			According to the docket, on February 20, 2004, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order signed by U.S. District Judge Lawrence M. McKenna.  The settlement was approved, and the case is closed.In a Press Release dated November 20, 2003, Warnaco Group, Inc. agreed to settle the securities class-action suit for $12.85 million in cash. According to the court docket, on November 13, 2003, a settlement conference was held before Judge Lawrence M. McKenna and preliminary approval order was given on the same day.As reported by the Company’s Form 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended October 4, 2003, on April 25, 2002, the District Court granted the motion to dismiss this action based on the statute of limitations. On May 10, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a motion for reconsideration in the District Court. On May 24, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal with respect to such dismissal. On July 23, 2002, plaintiffs' motion for reconsideration was denied. On July 30, 2002, the plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed, without prejudice, their claims against the Company. On October 2, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal with respect to the District Court's entry of a final judgment in favor of the individual defendants. On July 7, 2003, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit reversed and remanded the District Court's entry of a final judgment in favor of the individual defendants. On September 15, 2003, the individual defendants filed a renewed motion to dismiss based upon, among other things, failure to plead actionable fraud, failure to plead fraud with particularity and failure adequately to plead scienter. On November 13, 2003, the parties to the Shareholder I Class Action entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement. On the same day, the court entered a preliminary order approving the settlement.Between August 22, 2000 and October 26, 2000, seven putative class action complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. On November 17, 2000, the District Court consolidated the complaints into a single action, and appointed a lead plaintiff and approved a lead counsel for the putative class. A second amended consolidated complaint was filed on May 31, 2001. On October 5, 2001, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss based upon, among other things, the statute of limitations, failure to state a claim and failure to plead fraud with the requisite particularity.The original complaint charges Warnaco and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that defendants' made false and misleading statements about the strong sales of Warnaco's existing Calvin Klein products, and its purported strong revenues and earnings, together with the quality and value of its inventory. The complaint further alleges that, defendants' engaged in a fraudulent scheme and course of business that (i) deceived the investing public regarding Warnaco's prospects and business; (ii) artificially inflated the prices of Warnaco's common stock; (iii) allowed defendants to sell over 1 million shares of their Warnaco stock for $14.6 million in insider trading proceeds; (iv) allowed defendants to use Warnaco stock as currency to fund its stock-for-stock acquisitions; and (v) caused plaintiff and other members of the Class to purchase Warnaco common stock at inflated prices.
   				

           			According to a press release dated April 30, 2005, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted a motion to dismiss the second consolidated class action complaint by a class of Federated Dep't Stores Inc. investors alleging securities fraud by Federated and three of its directors and officers. … The district court held that a motive to maintain the appearance of corporate profitability or investment success did not sufficiently plead scienter as these motives would apply to any corporate defendant. The district court also found that the complaint failed to sufficiently allege recklessness by showing that Federated or its officers knew or should have known about the customer receivable problems of Fingerhut. The complaint contained conclusions and failed to specify facts contained in the audits or review meetings which Federated and its officers possessed that would contradict the allegedly fraudulent public statements.As previously reported by the Company’s FORM 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended January 29, 2005, the Company filed a Motion to Dismiss the Complaint on January 22, 2002, and on March 11, 2004, the court dismissed the Complaint without prejudice. On May 18, 2004, the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint (the “Second Amended Complaint”), asserting the same claims as in the earlier versions of the Complaint. The Company filed a Motion to Dismiss the Second Amended Complaint on July 7, 2004, and is awaiting a response from the Court.The original complaint charges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between February 23, 2000, and July 20, 2000. For example, as alleged in the complaint, on February 23, 2000, Federated issued a press release announcing its financial results for its 1999 fiscal year, which highlighted an 18% increase in year-over-year earnings per share. This statement, the complaint alleges, was materially false and misleading because Federated failed to disclose that it had materially under-reserved for credit delinquencies in its Federated Direct division, which was largely composed of Fingerhut Inc.- a Federated subsidiary. When the Company revealed, in a July 20, 2000, press release, that rising credit delinquencies coupled with insufficient reserves for such defaults, would lead to, among other things, a $200-$250 million shortfall in Federated's fall earnings, the Company's stock price plunged by 15% to $23.5 per share-which represented a 44% drop from the class period high of $42.0625 per share on March 21, 2000. 
   				

           			According to the co-lead counsel’s website, additional cases have been filed on behalf of investors. On November 3, 2001, the various cases were consolidated and Lead Plaintiffs were appointed; Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP was appointed Co-Lead Counsel. On December 21, 2000, a consolidated amended complaint was filed with the Court. On February 1, 2001, Defendants moved to have the complaint dismissed. On April 10, 2001, Judge Katz granted defendants' motion to dismiss the complaint. The original class action lawsuit commenced charging the Company and related defendants with violations of Sections 10(b), 14(e) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rules 10b-5 and 14D-9 promulgated thereunder. The Complaint alleges, among other things, that defendants failed to reveal that, on or before January 28, 2000, CDnow's outside auditor advised CDnow management of its "substantial doubt about [CDnow's] ability to continue as a going concern , that this "going concern" qualification would impede the merger with Columbia House and that CDnow could not survive without a merger partner. In its July 26, 2000 Form 14D-9, in connection with the tender offer for CDnow made by Bertelsmann, CDnow also failed to disclose the same material information. The auditor's "going concern" qualification was first disclosed in CDnow's Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2000.
   				











           			According from the docket from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, on October 10, 2002, the Court of Appeals entered Judgment affirming the previous judgment of the District Court which dismissed the Second Amended Class Action Complaint.As summarized by the U.S. District Court docket., on December 21, 2000, the Court entered the Order signed by Judge Milton Pollack granting the motion to appoint lead plaintiffs and approve lead plaintiffs’ selection of lead counsel. That same day, the plaintiffs filed an Amended Class Action Complaint, and on March 13, 2001, the defendants responded by filing motions to dismiss the Amended Class Action Complaint pursuant to FRCP 12(b)(6) for failure to state a claim upon which relief may be granted.  On June 14, 2001, the Court entered the judge’s Opinion #85721 dismissing the Amended Complaint with leave to replead in 20 days.  On July 5, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Class Action Complaint, and on August 10, 2001, the defendants again filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Class Action Complaint.  On October 3, 2001, the Court entered the judge’s Opinion and Order #86144 dismissing the Second Amended Class Action Complaint with prejudice and costs.  Judgment was entered and the case was closed.  On November 1, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal from the judgment order.The original class action complaint alleges that Internet Wire and Bloomberg violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by recklessly disseminating materially false and misleading information concerning Emulex. Specifically, the class action complaint alleges that at or about 9:30 a.m. EST on Friday, August 25, 2000, at the opening of the securities markets, Internet Wire disseminated a bogus "press release" which purported to originate from Emulex, and stated that Emulex's net income would be revised downward, that the Securities and Exchange Commission was conducting an investigation into Emulex's accounting practices, and that Emulex's Chief Executive Officer had resigned.  At approximately 10:13 a.m. EST on Friday, August 25, 2000, Bloomberg News falsely reported the alleged resignation of Emulex's CEO and the alleged SEC accounting investigation, and at approximately 10:14 a.m. EST on Friday, August 25, 2000, Bloomberg News falsely reported the alleged restatement of results.  As a result of Defendants' false statements, the price of Emulex stock dropped precipitously, from an opening price of $110, to a low of $43 before trading was halted. After it was determined that the "press release" and the information disseminated by the Defendants were "bogus," trading in Emulex securities resumed at 1:30 p.m. on August 25, 2000 with Emulex trading at $120 per share, and the price of Emulex stock closed on August 25, 2000 at $105.75 per share. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 28, 2004, the Company entered into an agreement with plaintiffs to settle the class action lawsuit on terms that require payment by the Company of amounts that, after taking into account certain insurance proceeds that the Company expects to receive, are not material to the Company's financial condition or results of operation. In September 2004, following a fairness hearing, the court approved the terms of the agreement with the class action plaintiffs, as was required to finalize the terms of settlement, and entered judgment in this matter incorporating the agreed terms. These developments effectively close this case.  By the Notice of Proposed Settlement of Class Action, the settlement fund was in the amount of $10,250,000 in cash, plus interest.Earlier, according to the same SEC filing, the Company together with the Company’s former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the Company’s former President and Chief Operating Officer, and the Company’s former Chairman and current President and Chief Executive Officer, were named as defendants in a shareholder class action suit captioned Sandra Kafenbaum and Steven Schulman, individually and on behalf of all other similarly situated v. GTECH Holdings Corporation, et. al., which suit was filed in the U.S. District Court of Rhode Island in August 2000 and subsequently amended in February 2001.  In September 2002, the court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss plaintiff's claim against the former Chairman and current President and Chief Executive Officer, holding that there were no actionable statements attributable to him.The original complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing an series of material misrepresentations and omissions to the market between April 25, 2000 and July 25, 2000. For example, as alleged in the complaint, the defendants failed to disclose (i) that GTECH was suffering from an inability to close significant contracts, including contracts in Columbia, Italy, Portugal and Asia; (ii) that GTECH's inability to close contracts would negatively impact revenues by as much as $48 million dollars; (iii) that the Company's projections of success were lacking in a reasonable basis at all times because of defendants' inability to close the contracts GTECH highlighted during the Class Period; and (iv) that costs at GTECH were climbing at an alarming rate which in turn had significantly reduced earnings.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K For The Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2002, the Court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss the Second Complaint, with prejudice, on July 16, 2002. Pursuant to the Court's dismissal order, all defendants were dismissed and a judgment was entered in favor of the defendants. The plaintiffs did not appeal the Court's decision, so the Court's dismissal order is final and non-appealable, and the plaintiffs can neither further amend their complaint nor submit a new complaint in connection with the above-referenced restatements.As summarized by the same SEC filing, during fiscal 2001, five complaints in putative class action lawsuits were consolidated into a single class action styled In re DT Industries, Inc. Securities Litigation and an amended complaint was filed (the "Securities Action") adding the Company’s Sencorp subsidiary and certain additional officers and directors as defendants. As of the end of fiscal 2002, the Securities Action was pending in the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri (the "Court"). The Consolidated Amended Complaint asserted causes of action under Section 10(b), and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and alleged, among other things, that the accounting adjustments caused the Company’s previously issued financial statements to be materially false and misleading. The Consolidated Amended Complaint also sought damages in an unspecified amount and was purported to be brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock during various periods, all of which fall between September 29, 1997 and August 23, 2000. On October 4, 2001, the Court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss the Securities Action, without prejudice. Pursuant to the Court's dismissal order, all defendants were dismissed, but the plaintiffs were granted the right to amend their complaint. The plaintiffs filed their Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint on January 25, 2002 (the "Second Complaint"), thereby reviving the Securities Action. On March 11, 2002, DTI and the other defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Second Complaint.The original action seeks damages for violations of the federal securities laws on behalf of all investors who purchased DTI common stock between September 29, 1997 and August 23, 2000 (the “Class Period”). The complaint alleges DTI and certain of its current and former officers with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On August 23, 2000, DTI disclosed that its independent auditors had requested additional time in order to continue its investigation into overstatements of certain asset accounts at DTI’s wholly-owned subsidiary Kalish, Inc. The Company further advised that “the discrepancies are likely to be material and could impact previously reported earnings for the 1997, 1998 and 1999 fiscal years, and for the fiscal quarters during those years and during fiscal year 2000.” In addition, the Company stated that it had placed the senior financial officer of Kalish on administrative leave and had accepted the resignation of the Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration of DTI. As a result of these revelations, NASDAQ halted trading in DTI stock.
   				

           			By the Order and Final Judgment entered on May 13, 2003, the settlement is approved as fair, reasonable, and adequate and the complaint is dismissed with prejudice.According to the proposed settlement posted on the site dated March 7, 2003, a settlement of $4,500,000 in cash, with interest, was reached on December 5, 2002. A settlement fairness hearing is set for May 13, 2003 for final approval by the court.The original complaint alleges, that during the Class Period, defendants violated federal securities laws by issuing to the investing public false and misleading statements and press releases concerning the Company's product ADCON-L, its efficacy and the integrity of the clinical data submitted in support of ADCON-L's Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) approval process.Further, the complaint alleges that on August 28, 2000, Gliatech, Inc., shocked the investing community by announcing that the Boards of Directors of Gliatech and Guilford agreed to a mutual termination of their Merger Agreement, due to Guilford's decision not to pursue the merger based on the FDA's issuance of inspectional observations contained in a Form 483 report, issued by the FDA to Gliatech on August 23, 2000, which identified certain items pertaining to Gliatech's methods of recording and presenting clinical data for ADCON-L submitted to the FDA. Indeed, it was revealed that doctors told Gliatech of their concerns about ADCON-L, such as inflammation and spinal-fluid leakage, as long as a year and a half ago, and the Company did not investigate the concerns and notify the FDA until March 13, 2000. These disclosures contradicted much of the information provided by defendants to the market during the Class Period and caused the Company's common stock to plummet 59% on August 29, 2000, or $15 3/16 to $10 3/16 per share.NOTE: Gliatech was named a defendant in this Action. On May 9, 2002, Gliatech filed a voluntary petition for protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Ohio, Eastern Division, Case No. 02-15045.  All actions against Gliatech have been stayed by operation of the Bankruptcy laws.
   				

           			According to the docket, on September 29, 2003, the Court entered the Final Judgment post remand.  By the Final Judgment, the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with prejudice entered on August 5, 2003, is affirmed in light of the full remand of the case from the Eleventh Circut Court of Appeals.  The case is dismissed with prejudice and the proposed class action settlement is fully approved and reaffirmed by the court.Earlier, on March 1, 2002, the Court entered the Order by US District Judge Clarence Cooper granting the motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint with prejudice and the case was terminated.  A Notice of Appeal was soon filed, and on March 4, 2003, the Court entered the certified copy of the Order from the US Court of Appeals granting the parties' joint motion to stay the appeal and for limited remand to the US District Court for purposes of approval of the settlement.  The appeal was stayed pending the US District Court’s ruling on the settlement agreement. On May 6, 2003, a Stipulation of Settlement was filed, and on August 7, 2003, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice.The original complaint alleges that defendants iXL and certain of its officers violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between February 2, 2000 and September 1, 2000, thereby artificially inflating the price of iXL common stock. Specifically, during the Class Period, defendants repeatedly stated that the Company was experiencing strong growth when, in fact, customer demand for iXL's products and services was seriously declining. When the Company revealed on September 1, 2000 that it was experiencing such a slowdown and would miss revenue expectations in the third quarter and record a pro forma net loss, iXL stock fell 16% to close at $7 per share, a significant decrease from the Company's Class Period highs in February 2000 of over $48 per share.
   				

           			As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2002, on December 17, 2001, the Company and individual defendants reached a settlement of this action. The plaintiff class will receive $2,750,000 in connection with the settlement, all of which will be funded by the Company’s insurance carrier. The District Court approved this settlement by its Order issued on October 30, 2002.Earlier, according to the same SEC filing, a consolidated putative class action complaint was filed on February 21, 2001 against the Company and certain of its officers in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas, Austin Division. In re NetSolve Incorporated Securities Litigation, Civil Action No. A00-CA-591 SS. Plaintiffs seek to represent a class comprised of purchasers of the Company’s common stock between April 18, 2000 and August 18, 2000 (“Class Period”). They allege that the defendants engaged in a fraudulent scheme by issuing false and materially misleading statements regarding the Company’s business during the Class Period. The Company moved to dismiss the complaint on March 8, 2001 for failing to state a claim under which relief could be granted and for failing to comply with the pleading requirements of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, 15 U.S.C. § 78u-4 et seq. On August 15, 2001, the District Court granted this motion in part and denied it in part. The District Court dismissed claims against one officer of the Company and dismissed certain of the theories under which Plaintiffs alleged liability against the Company. However, the District Court let stand certain of the stated claims against the Company and certain of its officers. The original complaint charges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between April 18, 2000 and August 18, 2000. For example the complaint alleges that on May 18, 2000, NetSolve Vice President Harry S. Budow provided an interview to Bloomberg Forum concerning the Company and its operations. During that interview, which was disseminated over the Bloomberg Newswire, defendant Budow represented that the Company would beat the $0.41 earnings estimate of two analysts that follow the Company and stated: "We've exceeded the estimates since we went public by 2 cents or more a quarter . . . There's no reason not to expect [it won't keep happening]. . ." The complaint alleges that these statements were materially false and misleading because, among other things, they failed to disclose that the Company was not performing according to its internal projections and was experiencing declining demand for its products and services. Then, on August 18, 2000, defendants revealed that the Company's growth rate was slowing dramatically and that analysts should lower their earnings estimates. In response to this information, the price of NetSolve common stock plunged from $12.625 per share to $7.625 per share--a decline of 38%. During the Class Period, certain NetSolve insiders sold their personally-held NetSolve common stock to the unsuspecting public generating aggregate proceeds of more than $3 million.
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on May 7, 2000, the plaintiff filed a Notice of Appeal from the District Court’s earlier April 8, 2002 decision which denied the Corporation’s motion to dismiss, granted in part and denied in part the motion to dismiss on behalf of the individual defendants, and granted the motion to dismiss by KPMG.  The case eventually settled with the Thomas & Betts Corporation ("T&B"), T&B's President and Chief Executive during the Class Period, and T&B's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer during the Class Period.  On July 14, 2003, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals remanded the action back to the District Court.  A Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement with KPMG LLP was filed and later approved.  The Order and Final Judgment approving the settlement of $4,650,000 with KPMG was entered on August 4, 2004.In a news article, on April 8, 2002, the Court granted in part and denied in part, the Defendants' Motions to Dismiss. Thereafter, Plaintiffs and Defendants Thomas & Betts Corp. and officers of the company agreed to settle the action. Prior to entering into a Stipulation of Settlement, Plaintiffs' counsel conducted confirmatory discovery, including review and analysis of tens of thousands of pages of documents produced by Thomas & Betts. Pursuant to the terms of the proposed settlement, a Settlement Fund in the amount of $46,500,000 in cash has been created for the benefit of the Class and will include interest that accrues on the fund prior to distribution. A hearing, to determine whether the proposed settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate, was held December 20, 2002. That same day Judge Julia S. Gibbons granted Final Approval of the settlement and awarded Plaintiffs' Counsel attorneys' fees and reimbursement of expenses.The original complaint alleged that statements made by the Company during the Class Period regarding its business and financial results were materially false and misleading. In particular, the complaint alleged that the Company issued false financial statements for 1999 and the first quarter 2000, requiring a restatement of 1999 financial statements and potentially a restatement of the first quarter 2000 financial statements. The Complaint further alleged that TNB took enormous charges of $223.9 million during the second quarter of 2000 to increase reserves for accounts receivable, increase reserves for excess and obsolete inventory, reduce the carrying value of inventory, and reverse revenue which should have been recorded as consignment sales. As a result of the Company’s conduct and statements, the stock has lost over 30% of its value.
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on July 29, 2004, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment, signed by U.S. District Judge Deborah A. Batts, in favor of the Plaintiffs and against the Defendants.  The Court further entered an Amended Judgment on August 30, 2004.In a Press Release dated June 07, 2003, the defendants in the class actions, Crayfish, Hikari Tsushin, Inc., and the Company's CEO at the time of the Company's public offering, have reached a settlement agreement with the plaintiffs to settle all pending class actions for US$9,000,000. This settlement will not become final until approved by the court. The Company has entered into this settlement agreement solely to avoid any further cost, burden or uncertainty from the class actions, and has not acknowledged any claims alleged by the plaintiffs. Out of US $9,000,000, US$6,625,000 will be paid by the Company. The Company expects to expense the settlement payment in the fiscal year ending September 30, 2003.  On October 3, 2001, the Court entered the Memorandum and Order granting the motion for an Order to consolidate all actions. The caption of the consolidated actions shall be "In re Crayfish Company Securities Litigation" and the files of these consolidated actions shall be maintained in one file under Master File No. 00cv6766 (DAB).  By the Order, the Court appointed lead plaintiff and approved their selection of lead counsel.  On October 11, 2001, the Chang Group filed a motion for reconsideration of the Court’s selection of lead plaintiff and lead counsel.  On June 10, 2002, the Court entered the Memorandum and Order granting the motion for reconsideration and granted the Chang Plaintiffs Group’s motions for appointment as lead plaintiff and lead counsel.  On July 19, 2002, a Consolidated Amended Complaint was filed, and the defendants responded by filing several motions to dismiss the Consolidated Amended Complaint.  On May 17, 2004, the Court entered the Preliminary Order in Connection with Settlement Proceedings.The original complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 by issuing a materially false and misleading Registration Statement and Prospectus. As alleged in the complaint, the Prospectus highlighted the Company's relationship with Hikari Tsushin, Inc. ("Hikari"). The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose: (i) that Hikari was suffering from a massive decline in its business which would necessarily impact the future profitability of Crayfish. The business decline at Hikari was significant and pronounced and, as a result, Hikari was considering a restructuring and consolidation of its business operations; (ii) that Hikari's business decline was distracting it from selling Crayfish products. Accordingly, the Company was subject to increased risk and uncertainty as its only sales agent was in disarray; and (iii) as a result of the foregoing, defendants' statements, opinions and projections about the Company were lacking in a reasonable basis at all times.
   				

           			As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2005, on December 29, 2004, the plaintiffs and the defendants entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement to settle all remaining claims in the litigation, subject to final approval by the Court. The $5 million cash settlement requires no payment by the Company or the individual defendants and will be fully funded by directors and officers insurance. On April 29, 2005, the Court entered an Order and Final Judgment approving the settlement and dismissing the complaint with prejudice.According to a press release dated May 19, 2004, Plug Power Inc. announced an agreement has been reached in the shareholders' class action lawsuit commenced against Plug Power and certain of its officers and directors in August 2000. The settlement is subject to negotiation of a final agreement by the parties and approval of the settlement by the court. Under the terms to which both parties have agreed, the settlement will be covered by the Company's primary insurance policy. In a press release dated January 30, 2003, a federal court dismissed some of the claims made in a shareholder lawsuit against Plug Power Inc. (PLUG) related to its initial public offering, the company disclosed in a regulatory filing Thursday. Plug Power said it believes the remaining allegations are without merit and that it will vigorously defend itself against those claims. In the class-action lawsuit, filed more than two years ago in the federal district court for the Eastern District of New York, plaintiffs alleged the company failed to disclose information about its products and prospects in documents for its IPO and subsequent press releases. Plug Power filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit in May 2001. On Jan. 21, the court dismissed all claims relating to pre-IPO press releases, the IPO prospectus and all but three post-IPO press releases, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The court ruled that the three remaining press releases raised questions of fact that couldn't be resolved on a motion to dismiss. The court also denied the motion to dismiss the claims against officers and board members also named as defendants.The original complaint charges defendants with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between February 14, 2000 and August 2, 2000, thereby inflating the price of PLUG stock. PLUG is a developmental stage company in the business of designing and developing fuel cells for commercial and residential use. In February 1999, PLUG partnered with General Electric and formed GE Fuel Cell Systems LLC, which was dedicated to providing marketing, distribution, service and installation and maintenance of residential fuel cells through GE's global network. The complaint alleges that PLUG's contract with GE was a material, if not the most important, asset of the Company. The complaint further alleges that PLUG failed to disclose that PLUG was unable to produce fuel cells in conformance with the contractual specifications in the GE contract and that, as a result, the Company's relationship with GE was subject to increased risk and uncertainty and GE would be able to terminate its agreement with PLUG without having to purchase PLUG fuel cells. The complaint further alleges that the Company failed to disclose that (i) PLUG's fuel cell technology was not commercially viable and the Company's plans to refine its technology were not meeting with success and (ii) PLUG would experience greater operating losses than anticipated by the market and therefore would not be profitable in the near future. As alleged in the complaint, on August 2, 2000, PLUG issued a press release disclosing (i) that it would cut its fuel cell systems manufacturing schedule to 125 systems for the year; (ii) that it would have operating losses which would continue through the year 2003; and (iii) that PLUG's fuel cells would not become commercially available until 2002 at the earliest. Prior to the disclosure of the true facts about the Company, certain PLUG insiders sold personally-held PLUG common stock to the public, generating proceeds of $9 million.
   				











           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2001, MP3.com and the representatives of the various plaintiffs for both the class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuit executed Stipulations of Settlement dated as of March 20, 2001 (the “Stipulations”). Under the terms of the Stipulations, the defendants, while continuing to deny all liability, have paid into an escrow account $35,000,000 and agreed to issue 2.5 million shares of MP3.com common stock which MP3.com valued at $5,391,000, in exchange for complete dismissals and releases of all claims with prejudice.  In addition, under the Stipulations, MP3.com agreed to institute certain corporate governance enhancements. On June 29, 2001, the State Superior Court issued final approval of the settlement of the derivative cases. The Federal District Court entered final approval of the settlement of the class action on July 16, 2001. As part of the settlement agreement, counsel for the plaintiffs are to receive 27.5% of the total settlement fund. Plaintiffs’ counsel’s portion of the 2.5 million shares was issued to plaintiffs’ counsel on July 31, 2001. MP3.com and certain of its employees, officers, and directors have been named as defendants in several lawsuits alleging violations of the federal securities laws. The complaints, which were filed between September 19, 2000 and November 15, 2000 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California, each purport to be brought on behalf of a class of stockholders. The complaints allege that MP3.com and the other defendants violated the federal securities laws by issuing materially false and misleading statements and failing to disclose material information regarding its My.MP3 service and the litigation surrounding the service. Between September 14, 2000 and October 26, 2000, certain stockholders of MP3.com filed shareholder derivative suits against MP3.com and certain of its employees, officers, and directors in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of San Diego. These complaints allege various statutory and common law claims relating to the My.MP3 service, including breach of fiduciary duty, abuse of control, constructive fraud, gross mismanagement, unjust enrichment, and waste of corporate assets. The original complaint charges MP3.com and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  The complaint alleges that defendants' false and misleading statements about strong sales and the growth of MP3.com's existing Internet services, which generated more than 90% of MP3.com's revenue, and the strong continuing growth of its products for the next several quarters, which would result in 350% revenue growth for MP3.com for the 1stQ, 2ndQ, 3rdQ and 4thQ fiscal 2000 over fiscal 1999, artificially inflated MP3.com's stock to a Class Period high of $36-1/2.  On 9/7/00, it was revealed that, due to MP3.com's willful illegal acts, including violations of United States copyright laws, its financial results were going to be much worse than earlier forecast and that MP3.com would be the subject of a potentially lethal damage award.  Upon this revelation, trading in MP3.com's stock was halted, last trading at $5-21/32, a decline of over 85% from the Class Period high.
   				



























           			According to a press release dated January 18, 2002, with trial set for November 5, 2001, a settlement was reached in October 2001. Alcatel agreed to pay $75 million to the class. The Court approved the settlement and entered final judgment on December 18, 2001. The Court awarded attorneys' fees of $14,280,314.40 to counsel for the plaintiffs. Pursuant to an agreement with co-counsel, Susman Godfrey recovered $5,407,503.39 in fees. The settlement became final on January 18, 2002 because there were no appeals from the final judgment.As summarized by the Company’s Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, the Actions purported to be brought on behalf of classes consisting of persons who (i) acquired Class A ADSs in connection with our acquisition of DSC Communications Corporation in September 1998, or (ii) purchased Class A ADSs between March 19, 1998 through September 17, 1998, or acquired call and put options on Class A ADSs between March 19, 1998 and September 17, 1998. The Actions were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. The Company moved to dismiss the complaints brought by the two categories of plaintiffs. On November 18, 1999, the court dismissed the complaint of those persons who acquired Class A ADSs and call and put options between March 19, 1998 and September 17, 1998, with leave to amend. Those plaintiffs appealed, but the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirmed the dismissal of their complaint on July 1, 2002. The time period for these plaintiffs to seek a writ of certiorari from the U.S. Supreme Court expired on September 30, 2002, and this matter can now be considered closed. The claims of the other group of plaintiffs, representing those parties that received Class A ADSs as a result of the Company's acquisition of DSC by merger, were settled in December 2001, without admission by the Company of any liability or wrongdoing. The cost to the Company of this settlement not covered by its insurance was $4 million.Several purported class action complaints were also filed in the U.S. District Courts for the Southern District of New York and Delaware. In March 1999, the cases were transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas.  The case was then handled in Multidistrict Litigation, case number 4:99md1263.The original class action complaint was filed alleging defendants with violations of securities laws by concealing poor operating results, and inflating its stock price. According to the lawsuit, DSC stockholders were wrongfully induced to exchange their DSC shares for Alcatel ADSs at an artificially inflated rate. The lawsuit alleges that defendants' proxy statement/prospectus failed to disclose that Alcatel's operating results in the first half of 1998 were worse than the Company had led investors to expect. These omissions prompted DSC shareholders to approve the merger, which had terms granting them only .815 ADSs for each DSC share they possessed. According to the lawsuit Alcatel did not hint at the truth of the operating results until Sept. 17, 1998, nine days after it announced completion of the merger, when it dropped a bombshell: its revenues and operating profits for the first half of 1998 declined 29% and 15% respectively from the prior year. This stunning announcement caused an immediate drop in Alcatel's ADS price from $31-5/16 to $19-1/8. This notice to class members is being made pursuant to applicable law. If you acquired Alcatel ADSs pursuant to its subsidiary's merger with DSC, you may wish to join the action. You may move the court to serve as a lead plaintiff on or before 60 days from Nov. 17, 1998.
   				



















           			A settlement was reached in this case on behalf of all purchasers of Lycos, Inc. common stock during the period December 7, 1999 and September 18, 2000, inclusive.  According to the Stipulation and Agreement of Compromise and Settlement, dated August 5, 2003, the Gross Settlement Fund was in the amount of $12,026,000. The original complaint alleges that Allaire and its principals knew or recklessly disregarded that, in its attempt to capture a broad customer base, the Company had spread itself too thin and consequently, lacked the resources to develop and market its core infrastructure product, ColdFusion, while simultaneously developing a market presence for its newer products, Spectra and Jrun. It also claims that company insiders sold 407,000 shares of Allaire stock in August, at artificially inflated prices for proceeds of $13.3 million. Only after they thus cashed out a substantial portion of their investment did the Company reveal, on September 18, 2000, that they expected Allaire to post a third-quarter net loss in the range of $(0.05) to $(0.20) per share, below both analysts' third quarter consensus estimates and the previous two quarters’ results.
   				

           			According to a press release dated August 24, 2004, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the dismissal of this action. The Judge Panel rejected arguments that Ford misled investors by repeatedly touting its quality as "its best ever" and stating "quality comes first." "Such statements are either mere corporate puffery or hyperbole that a reasonable investor would not view as significantly changing the general gist of available information," Judge Cornelia G. Kennedy wrote for the court.The original complaint claims that the company misled investor about the safety of tires on Ford Explorers. A group of Ford shareholders, including the Public School Teachers' Pension and Retirement Fund of Chicago, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local 98 and the Ohio Tuition Trust Authority, filed suit in 2000. Dismissal Upheld by Appellant Court Ruling. More specifically, the complaint charges Ford Motor Company and certain of its officers with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Commission. The lawsuit alleges that defendants issued a series of false and misleading statements during the Class Period concerning the quality and safety of its products. The complaint alleges, "inter alia", that defendants failed to reveal that recalls of the Ford Explorer in combination with Firestone tires were occurring in foreign countries, including Saudi Arabia and Venezuela, and that the company failed to adequately test the tires on the Ford Explorer before it went into production. The complaint also asserts that defendants' misleading statements and material omissions artificially inflated the price of the Company's stock during the Class Period.
   				

           			On July 20, 2006, the plaintiffs filed a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement.  The proposed settlement fund is in the amount of $18,000,000. On July 31, 2006, the Court entered the Order preliminarily approving the class action settlement.  On January 22, 2007, the Court entered Order awarding attorney fees and reimbursement of expenses.  Further that day, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment approving the settlement.As summarized by the co-lead counsel’s website, the court appointed BLB&G clients Alabama Retirement Systems and Policemen's Annuity and Benefit Fund, City of Chicago as Co-Lead Plaintiffs and BLB&G was appointed Co-Lead Counsel for the Class. In August 2004, the court denied in part and granted in part the defendants' motion to dismiss. The firm has pursued discovery of the defendants and of third parties. On July 18, 2005, the court granted the Lead Plaintiffs permission to file a Second Amended Complaint. The Second Amended Complaint identified numerous high level former ICG employees who specifically linked Defendants, ICG’s CEO and former ICG President and COO, to fraudulent line count inflation and hiding the truth about ICG's network problems. On February 7, 2006, Defendants' motion to dismiss that complaint was denied as to all claims against ICG’s former ICG President and COO and as to all claims against ICG’s CEO except the Section 10(b) claim for line count inflation. The firm is pursuing further discovery on the upheld claims.The original complaint maintains that ICG executives misled investors during the Class Period, touting the company while failing to disclose severe customer-service issues that included network outages, equipment failures and overall technical problems. In fact, some of ICG Communications’ major customers notified the company during the Class Period that they planned to reduce their service commitments; others said they intended to terminate their contracts unless the technical issues were resolved. Despite these persistent issues, ICG made several statements publicizing significant growth in both revenue and network capacity. When the truth about the customer service issues emerged, ICG Communications’ stock plummeted to $1.65 a share on September 18, 2000 from a Class Period high of $39 on March 27, 2000. NOTE: On November 14, 2000, ICG and certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware. ICG’s Modified Plan of Reorganization was approved by the Bankruptcy Court on October 10, 2002, and its liabilities related to claims were discharged in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code. ICG would be named as a defendant but for the discharge included in the Modified Plan of Reorganization.
   				

           			By Orders filed September 29, 2003, the Honorable Shira A. Scheindlin, United States District Court Judge for the Southern District Court of New York, gave her final approval to two settlements totaling $48 million in cash, which resolved all remaining claims in the litigation. At a preliminary approval hearing on June 12, 2003, the Court granted preliminary approval of two settlements totaling $48 million to resolve the securities fraud class action pending against certain of Independent Energy Holdings PLC's former directors and officers, Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp., Prudential Securities Inc., Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C. (the underwriters of a secondary public offering of stock that occurred on March 28, 2000), and certain related parties.The class action was brought on behalf of all persons or entities who purchased Independent Energy Holdings PLC American Depository Shares ("ADSs"), and Ordinary Shares if residing in the United States or its territories at the time of purchase, during the period between February 14, 2000 and September 8, 2000, inclusive (the "Class Period"). The Complaint asserts claims arising under sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. In particular, the Complaint alleges that, during the Class Period, all of the defendants violated the federal securities laws as a result of their issuance of a false and misleading Registration Statement and Prospectus in connection with a secondary offering of ADSs on March 28, 2000. It further alleges that certain of the Company's former directors and officers violated the federal securities laws as a result of their issuance of false and misleading statements in press releases, and statements made by the Company's management on conference calls with analysts that covered Independent Energy.On September 19, 2002, the Court granted preliminary approval of a partial settlement that resolved the Class' claims against Independent Energy Holdings PLC and Independent Energy U.K. Limited in exchange for their consent to the production of documents and testimony from various non-parties in the U.K. which were essential to the prosecution of the Class' claims against the Individual Defendants and the Underwriter and Related Defendants. At the time this partial settlement was reached, both Holdings and Limited were in receivership. Pursuant to the Order granting preliminary approval of the Holdings/Limited Settlement, the Court-approved Notice of Pendency and Partial Settlement of Class Action was mailed to Class members. For a copy of that Notice, click here. On December 17, 2002, the Court approved the partial settlement and entered an Order and Final Judgment dismissing all claims against Independent Energy Holdings PLC and Independent Energy U.K. Limited.The original complaint alleges that the defendants issued materially false and misleading information regarding Independent Energy's financial and operating condition. Specifically, the complaint charges that defendants misrepresented the extent of its problems with respect to billing its sub-100 kilowatt electricity customers. During the Class Period, defendants consistently assured investors its billing problems were limited to the timing of bills.
   				













           			According to the docket posted, on March 19, 2004, the Court entered the true copy of the Order issued from the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals on March 15, granting the stipulation of the parties to voluntarily dismiss the notice of appeal.As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10 – Q for the quarterly period ended July 27, 2002, the Company is party to previously disclosed securities litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, Eastern Division and the Cuyahoga County, Ohio Court of Common Pleas. On March 27, 2002, the UnitedStates District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, Eastern Division, granted the Company's motion to dismiss all claims against it and its officers and directors in BERNARD FIDEL, ET AL VS. OFFICEMAX, INC., ET AL., Case No.1:00CV2432 and the four related cases consolidated with the Fidel case (i.e., Case Nos. 1:00CV2558, 1:00CV2562, 1:00CV2606, and 1:00CV2720). The court thereby dismissed, in their entirety, these putative class action cases against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. Plaintiffs filed a motion requesting the court to reconsider its dismissal of these cases, which motion was denied by the court on July 26, 2002. On August 26, 2002, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the court's July 26, 2002 order and the court's March 27, 2002 order. The original complaint charges OfficeMax and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. OfficeMax operates a chain of several hundred discount office supply superstores or warehouses selling a broad range of office supply products, including computers. The complaint alleges that beginning on 3/2/99, when OfficeMax reported its 4thQ fiscal 1998 ("F98") results, OfficeMax, its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer made false and misleading statements about the successful realignment of OfficeMax's business model, the strong performance and positive momentum of OfficeMax's Core Business Segment (which sold office supplies, furniture and business machines excluding computers) and the Core Business Segment's improving profitability due to its enlarged merchandise assortment and effective inventory management. These bullish representations and forecasts artificially inflated OfficeMax's stock to a Class Period high of $12-1/8 on 5/18/99 from $7-5/8 just before the Class Period began. But then, on 9/30/99, OfficeMax revealed that its 2ndH F99 and F00 financial results were going to be much worse than earlier forecast. OfficeMax's stock fell by over 32% in two days to $5, the largest two-day percentage price decline in OfficeMax's history as a public company, on trading volume of over 10 million shares, and then continued to fall to as low as $4-1/2 per share, its lowest price ever, a drop from which it has not recovered.
   				



           			According to the Company’s From 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2003, at a July 18, 2003 hearing, U.S. District Judge Richard A. Lazzara entered an Order and Final Judgment approving the settlement of the class action lawsuit.  In May 2003, in anticipation of Judge Lazzara’s approval of the settlement and pursuant to the parties’ Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement, the insurer deposited the $2.1 million into an escrow account established and maintained by the plaintiff’s attorneys. As reported by the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, the case had been set for trial during the trial term commencing May 5, 2003. On August 6, 2002, the plaintiff offered to accept, in full settlement of the IPO Litigation as to all defendants, payment of $2.1 million to the putative plaintiff class. On August 14, 2002, the Company’s Board of Directors voted to accept this offer, and the issuer of the Company’s applicable Directors and Officers and Company Reimbursement insurance policy has agreed to pay $2.1 million to the plaintiff class. The settlement was also approved by BIG and by the other defendants represented by Company counsel. The parties to the IPO Litigation have negotiated and signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) of the principal material settlement terms, and the parties presently are preparing a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement, and related documents, for submission to Judge Lazzara. The settlement is contingent upon approval by Judge Lazzara, following notice to the members of the plaintiff class of, and a hearing on, the proposed settlement terms.The plaintiff’s Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint was filed on February 7, 2001, names as defendants the following parties: the Company; BIG, Venture Capital Corporation, a selling shareholder in the IPO; the five inside directors of the Company at the time of the IPO; and Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., the underwriters for the IPO. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the defendants violated Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, by making certain false and misleading statements in the roadshow presentations, registration statement and prospectus relating to the IPO. More specifically, the complaint alleges that, in connection with the IPO, the defendants made various material misrepresentations and/or omissions relating to: (i) the Company’s ability to integrate Geotrac’s flood zone determination business with the Company’s own flood zone determination business and with its insurance outsourcing services business; (ii) actual and anticipated synergies between the Company’s flood zone determination and outsourcing services business lines; and (iii) the Company’s use of the IPO proceeds. The complaint seeks unspecified damages, including interest, and equitable relief, including a rescission remedy. On March 26, 2001, the Company, BIG and the five inside director defendants filed a motion to dismiss the plaintiff’s complaint for, among other things, failure to allege material misstatements and/or omissions in the roadshow presentations, registration statement and/or prospectus relating to the IPO. On July 11, 2001, U.S. District Judge Richard A. Lazzara denied all of the defendants’ motions to dismiss the complaint. On September 28, 2000, October 25, 2000 and October 30, 2000, three alleged shareholders of the Company filed three nearly identical lawsuits in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida, each on behalf of a putative class of all persons who purchased shares of the Company’s Common Stock pursuant and/or traceable to the registration statement for the Company’s February 1999 initial public offering (the “IPO”). The lawsuits were consolidated on December 1, 2000, and the consolidated action is proceeding under Case No. 8:00-CV-2013-T-26MAP (the “IPO Litigation”).The original complaint alleges that the prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose: the flood mapping business was not compatible with INMG's outsourcing services and synergies could not possibly be realized causing expected future growth to be well-below INMG's estimates; as a result of the incompatible nature of the two lines of business, few if any cross-over selling opportunities existed, further impacting future growth expectations; INMG's problems integrating these two lines of business prevented INMG from consolidating Geotrac of America, Inc. into its operations and accessing Geotrac's customer base to generate additional revenue; and as a result of the foregoing, the defendants had no reasonable basis to conclude that INMG expected to experience significant growth in its business and revenues.
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on October 1, 2003, the Court entered the Order and Final Consent Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Michael A. Telesca.  The settlement was approved and the case dismissed.On December 20, 2000, the Court consolidated the various actions, appointed lead plaintiff and appointed Wolf Haldenstein as lead counsel. On March 5, 2001, a consolidated amended complaint was filed with the Court. Defendants have filed a motion for dismissal. The Court dismissed the complaint on February 11, 2002. Plaintiffs filed an appeal on March 11, 2002. On October 4, 2002, the Court entered the Mandate of the U.S. Court of Appeals dismissing the appeal. A settlement of $1.3 million was proposed and preliminarily approved in an Order on February 21, 2003.The original complaint alleges defendants with issuing false and misleading statements and press releases concerning the Company's efforts with respect to and the difficulties experienced during its efforts to "build out" its networks on a national scale. Moreover, during the Class Period, the Company misrepresented the pace at which it was building its national, symmetrical digital subscriber line (SDSL) network and failed to disclose that it was unable to adequately provision voice-over SDSL (VoSDSL) capable loops at levels to meet customer demands due to problems with incumbent carriers and the failure to make the necessary line available in a timely manner. On September 7, 2000, after the close of the market, the Company disclosed the true state of its fiscal affairs. Despite having said only weeks before that it would "hit its numbers" for the remainder of fiscal 2000 and fiscal 2001, and that its national expansion plan was on a steady course, the Company shockingly disclosed that it expected significantly lower revenues and materially lower earnings that had been previously predicted. These revelations caused the Company's common stock to decline over 40%, and lose approximately $400 million in total market capitalization.NOTE: On April 8, 2002, Mpower filed a petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, and as of the effective date of Mpower's First Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization (the "Plan"), Mpower was discharged and released from any "Claim, Debt and Interest," except as otherwise stated in the Plan, as set forth in the final Confirmation Order entered by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware on July 17, 2002.
   				

           			On October 9, 2007 the judge entered a Final Order approving the settlement and dismissing the case.  According to Priceline's 10-Q dated June 2007, their insurance carrier will cover the settlement up to $30,000,000 with the balance coming from Priceline's cashflows.  According to a press release dated July 19, 2007, in a class-action securities suit alleging the defendants made misleading statements about profitability, resulting in losses to investors, a court approved the parties' agreement to settle for $80 million and awarded attorneys' fees of 30 percent of the award, plus litigation expenses of $1.3 million. Plaintiffs purchased Priceline.com securities between Jan. 27, 2000 and Oct. 4, 2000. In October 2004, the District Court dismissed some of the plaintiffs' claims against Priceline.com defendants and all the allegations against Deloitte and Touche. During litigation the parties produced 5.2 million pages of documents. In 2007, the parties agreed to a cash settlement of $80 million. … The court also granted the requests of class members who decided to opt out of the settlement, on behalf of themselves or trusts, provided that they supply the dates, numbers, prices and types of purchases and sales of Priceline.com securities.According to a press release dated May 4, 2007, Priceline.com Incorporated (Nasdaq: PCLN) announced that it had agreed to settle the securities class action litigation that was filed against the Company in 2000. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, the class will receive $80 million in return for a release, with prejudice, of all claims against the Company and the individual defendants that are related to the purchase of the Company's securities by class members during the class period. The Company's insurance carriers will fund $30 million of the settlement. The settlement is subject to approval by the Court after notice to the class. In connection with the settlement announced today, the Company expects to incur a net charge of approximately $55 million in the 1st quarter of 2007, representing the settlement amount and estimated legal expenses relating to the settlement. According to the FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, on October 30, 2006, the Court issued an Order setting forth a partial schedule, designating December 31, 2007 as the deadline for the completion of discovery.  As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2006, twenty-two cases were assigned to Judge Dominic J. Squatrito. On September 12, 2001, Judge Squatrito ordered that these cases be consolidated under the Master File No. 3:00cv1884 (DJS), and he designated lead plaintiffs and lead plaintiffs’ counsel. On October 29, 2001, plaintiffs served a Consolidated Amended Complaint. On February 5, 2002, Amerindo Investment Advisors, Inc., who was one of the lead plaintiffs in the consolidated action, made a motion for leave to withdraw as lead plaintiff. The Court granted that motion on May 30, 2002. On February 28, 2002, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the Consolidated Amended Complaint. On October 7, 2004, the Court issued a Memorandum of Decision granting, in part, and denying, in part, the Company’s motion. A scheduling order was entered by the Court on November 2, 2004 and the parties are now proceeding with discovery. On December 8, 2005, the Court issued a Memorandum of Decision and Order stating that the November 2, 2004 scheduling order would be revised, but only after the parties have provided more details about the status of discovery. Plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification on January 7, 2005 and the Company filed its opposition to that motion. On April 4, 2006, the Court issued a Memorandum of Decision granting, in part, and denying, in part, the plaintiffs’ motion. The Court certified a class and approved five of the six proposed class representatives. On May 4, 2006, the case was transferred to Judge Christopher F. Droney. [The Court gave the plaintiffs until May 5, 2006 to submit a proposed notice and proposed means for providing notice to the class.]  Objections thereto or alternative proposals are due on or before May 19, 2006.The original complaint alleges that the defendants issued materially false and misleading information regarding Priceline's financial condition and prospects.  Specifically, the complaint charges that defendants misrepresented that the Company would soon be profitable, that the Company's customer loyalty was accelerating and that the Company's business model would continue to be effective. The dissemination of this materially misleading information caused Priceline's common stock to be artificially inflated throughout the Class Period.  Certain Company insiders took advantage of this inflated stock price to sell $197 million of their own shares to the unsuspecting public during the Class Period.  The truth about Priceline's operating condition was revealed to the investing public before the market opened on September 27, 2000, when Priceline disclosed, among other things, that the Company would not make money in the third quarter due to weakness in the sale of airline tickets and that revenues would be approximately $340 million to $345 million, significantly below analysts forecasts of $360 million to $380 million.  These disclosures caused Priceline's stock price to decline 42% to a 52-week low of $10.75 per share.
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on July 14, 2003, the Court entered the certified copy of the Judgment from the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. The Judgment of the District Court was affirmed.  Further, the plaintiffs-appellants were ordered to pay to defendants-appellees the costs on appeal.Previously, on March 21, 2002, the Court entered the Memorandum and Order granting the defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim.  The Court further entered the Final Judgment dismissing the case with prejudice as to all defendants except Enron Corporation.  Enron Corporation was dismissed without prejudice.  On June 7, 2002, the Court entered the Order denying plaintiffs’ motion to alter or amend the judgment, and the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.  The complaint alleges that the registration statement and prospectus issued in connection with the IPO and the Company's press releases and public statements contained materially false and misleading information regarding Azurix's financial condition and prospects.  Specifically, the complaint charges that defendants misrepresented and failed to disclose that several large water supply and wastewater privatization projects that Azurix's near term revenues were dependent on were postponed or cancelled at the time of the IPO. The dissemination of this materially misleading information caused Azurix's common stock to be artificially inflated throughout the Class Period.
   				

           			According to the docket, on December 19, 2002, the Court entered both the Order approving the settlement proceeds and the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal.  On January 10, 2003, the Court further entered the Order awarding plaintiffs' counsel's attorneys' fees and reimbursement of expenses.  A Notice of Appeal was soon after filed by the plaintiff, and on March 15, 2004, the Court entered the certified copy of the Order from the U.S. Court of Appeals affirming the decision of the District Court.As stated in the Notice of Settlement, the parties reached an agreement-in-principle to settle the action. The Settlement creates a fund in the amount of $16.5 million in cash and will include any interest that accrues on the fund prior to distribution as well as 6,495,844 shares of Covad common stock subject to certain terms and conditions. The stock is to be issued exempt from the registration requirements pursuant to §3(a) (10) of the Securities Act of 1933 and/or §1145 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Based on Lead Plaintiffs' estimate of the number of securities entitled to participate in the Settlement, the current price of Covad stock, and the anticipated number of claims to be submitted by Class members the average distribution per security would be approximately $0.27 before deduction of court-approved fees and expenses.If the Settlement is approved by the District Court, counsel for the Plaintiffs will apply to the District Court for attorneys' fees of 25% of the settlement proceeds plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses not to exceed $300,000 to be paid from the settlement proceeds. The four Lead Plaintiffs may also seek reimbursement for the time expended and expense incurred by each of them in serving as Lead Plaintiff. If sought, the amounts will not exceed $5,000 for each. If the amount requested by counsel is approved by the District Court, the average cost per security would be $0.07.The original complaint charges Covad and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that defendants misrepresented the revenues that Covad was deriving from its newly acquired BlueStar business, which, together with defendants' false representations that Covad would post Q3 2000 EPS of $(1.18) and revenues of $74.7 million, operated to artificially inflate the price of Covad stock to a Class Period high of $20.93 on September 11, 2000. This upsurge in Covad's stock caused by defendants' alleged false and misleading statements enabled Covad to complete a $500 million bond offering and the $140 million stock-for-stock acquisition of BlueStar. On October 17, 2000, 15 business days after the acquisition of BlueStar was completed and just 18 business days after Covad raised $500 million in a debt offering, Covad revealed that it was in fact suffering a huge decline in revenues, was not posting smaller negative EPS growth, and contrary to defendants' repeated assurances, Covad was forced to reveal the problems it had been experiencing during the Class Period in attempting to grow its business. This announcement caused its stock price to drop to as low as $3.50 (or over $5 per share) on record volume of 70 million shares on October 18, 2000, causing hundreds of millions of dollars in damages to members of the Class.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, a purported class action lawsuit was filed on September 27, 2000, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of Dan Gavish, Tricia Fontan and Walter Fontan individually and allegedly on behalf of all others similarly situated who purchased the securities of Revlon, Inc. and REV Holdings Inc. (a Delaware corporation and the predecessor of REV Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (‘‘REV Holdings’’)) between October 2, 1998 and September 30, 1999 (the ‘‘Second Gavish Action’’). The complaint, amended by the plaintiffs in November 2001, alleged, among other things, that Revlon, Inc., certain of its present and former officers and directors and REV Holdings Inc. violated, among other things, Rule 10b-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the ‘‘Exchange Act’’). On September 29, 2004, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York dismissed the Second Gavish Action, without prejudice. As summarized by the docket, on October 18, 2000, the Court entered the Order consolidating this action with In re Revelon, Inc. Securities Litigation, 99 Civ. 10192 (SHS).  The plaintiffs filed a motion for reconsideration of this order, and on August 27, 2001, the Court granted the plaintiffs’ motion for reconsideration, and upon reconsideration, the Court denied defendants' request to consolidate this action with 99 civ. 10192.  Further, the Court appointed lead plaintiffs and co-lead counsel.  On November 9, 2001, the plaintiffs filed an Amended Class Action Complaint.The original complaint alleges that certain officers and directors of the Company violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by, among other things, misrepresenting and/or omitting material information concerning Revlon's revenues and results of operations. These statements caused Revlon's securities prices to be artificially inflated during the Class Period. 
   				



           			According to the docket posted, on July 10, 2001, the settlement hearing was held before U.S. District Judge Edward F. Harrington.  On July 12, 2001, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment. Pursuant to the Order and Final Judgment, the Court approved the terms of the stipulation and the settlement as fair, reasonable, and adequate and in the best interests of the class. Further, the Court approved lead counsels’ request for an award of attorneys' fees equal to 30% of the $7.5 million settlement fund plus accrued interest, and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses in the amount of $85,559.25.By the Notice of Pendency of Class Action, a Settlement Hearing will be held before the Honorable Edward D. Harrington in Courtroom No. 19 of the United States Courthouse, U.S. Courthouse, 1 Courthouse Way, Boston, MA on July 10, 2001 at 2:00 p.m. (the “Settlement Hearing”) to determine, among other things, whether the proposed Settlement as set for in the Stipulation and Agreement of Compromise, Settlement and Release dated March 14, 2001 (the “Stipulation”), is fair, reasonable and adequate, and to consider the application of Plaintiffs’ Counsel for attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses.  A settlement fund consisting of $7,500,000 in cash, plus interest, has been established.The Court, by Preliminary Order In Connection With The Settlement Proceedings, dated April 5, 2001, has certified a plaintiff class consisting of: “all persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired Interspeed common stock during the time period beginning and including September 24, 2999 through and including October 6, 2000 (the “Class Period”).”  On January 8, 2001, the Court appointed eleven Lead Plaintiffs.  Following negotiations, the parties reached an agreement on the terms of a potential settlement of the Action.  The parties entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) dated February 16, 2001, which sets forth the terms of a settlement of the Action.  Thereafter, the parties entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Compromise, Settlement and Release subject to approval by the Court.The complaint alleges that Interspeed, certain of its officers and Brooktrout, Inc. (Nasdaq: BRKT), Interspeed's controlling shareholder, violated the federal securities laws by providing materially false and misleading information about the Company's business and financial condition which caused Interspeed's stock to trade at artificially inflated prices during the Class Period. On October 6, 2000, Interspeed announced that it was considering restating its first, second and third quarter 2000 financial statements because of accounting misstatements. Interspeed further announced the resignation of defendant Stephen A. Ide, Interspeed's President and CEO, together with the termination of several of its key employees. On this news, Interspeed's shares plummeted to as low as $1.00 -- more than 97% off its Class Period high of $37.00.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-QSB For The Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2006, the lead plaintiff once again appealed against the dismissal and the United States Court of Appeals  for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the dismissal with prejudice on February 23, 2006.As summarized by the same SEC filing, on October and November 2000, eight purported class action lawsuits were filed against the Company, its Chief Executive Officer, and its former Chief Financial Officer in the United States District Court for the Central District of California for alleged violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. After the defendants moved to dismiss each of the actions, the lawsuits were consolidated under a single action, entitled "In re Aspeon Securities Litigation," Case No. SACV 00-995 AHS (ANx), and the appointed lead plaintiff voluntarily filed an amended and consolidated complaint. The defendants moved to dismiss that complaint and on April 23, 2001 the Court entered an order dismissing the complaint without prejudice.  On May 21, 2001 the appointed lead plaintiff filed a third complaint, styled as a "First Amended Consolidated Complaint." On June 4, 2001 the defendants moved to dismiss this complaint and on September 17, 2001 the United States District Court dismissed the suit with prejudice and entered judgment in favor of the us and our officers. On September 20, 2001 the lead plaintiff in the class action suit appealed against the dismissal of the case. On January 21, 2003 the decision to dismiss the case was upheld but the lead plaintiff was given the opportunity to remedy the deficiencies in the complaint that had been filed.  Accordingly on May 30, 2003 the plaintiff filed its "Second Amended Consolidated Complaint" which again was subsequently dismissed by the District Court.  On November 26, 2003 the lead plaintiff filed its "Third Amended Consolidated Complaint" which was again dismissed with prejudice in March 2004. The original complaint charges Aspeon and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Aspeon designs, develops, markets, and sells open system touch screen point-of-sale computers, which are sold primarily to the foodservice and retail industries. The Company also offers information-systems outsourcing, including industry-specific integrated application service provider ("ASP") products and information technology management services.
   				

           			According to the docket, on March 18, 2002, the final fairness hearing was held before U.S. District Judge M.J. Lorenz.  On March 19, 2002, the court entered the Orders approving the plan of allocation of the settlement proceeds and awarding plaintiff counsel’s attorney fees of 25% of the settlement fund plus reimbursement of expenses in the amount of $79,424.14.  The Court further entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with prejudice, and the case was terminated.In a press release dated June 1, 2001, Mitek Systems Inc. announced that it has reached a tentative settlement of a consolidated class-action securities litigation lawsuit that has been pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California since October of 2000. The lawsuit sought an undetermined amount of damages on behalf of purchasers of Mitek's securities between Dec. 27, 1999, and Sept. 29, 2000. The suit alleged that Mitek's securities sold during the class period at inflated values due to allegedly improper reporting of quarterly earnings. Under the terms of the tentative settlement, Mitek continues to dispute the merits of the lawsuit but has approved a compromise payment of $2 million, which will be funded entirely by Mitek's directors and officers liability insurance carrier for the benefit of shareholder class members. The settlement will remain tentative until executed and after it has been approved by the court and until after proper notices have been sent to the various individual and institutional shareholders comprising the plaintiff class. The original complaint charges Mitek and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Mitek is involved in character recognition technology, products, and services for the document imaging markets. The complaint alleges that during the Class Period, defendants represented that Mitek recorded revenue in compliance with the applicable accounting standard for software revenue recognition, AICPA Statement of Position ("SOP") 97-2, and reported favorable but false financial results. As a result, Mitek's stock traded at artificially inflated levels. Defendants took advantage of these inflated prices, selling more than $3.2 million worth of their own Mitek stock. On 9/29/00, Mitek announced that the Company will restate its third quarter 2000 financial statements as a result of accounting misstatements that will require eliminating $1.4 million in revenue to be removed from the quarter for failing to comply with AICPA Statement of Position 97-2.
   				





           			According to the docket, on September 3, 2003, a Stipulation of Settlement was filed and on April 14, 2003, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order of dismissal with prejudice.  The case was terminated.  On March 3, 2005, the Court further entered the Order authorizing the disbursement of the net settlement fund.The original complaint alleges that defendants, throughout the class period, issued materially false and misleading statements to the public regarding Ramp's financial results, Ramp's future financial prospects, and marketplace demand for and acceptance of Ramp's products. As defendants continued to issue press releases and financial statements attesting to the company's purported sequential and year-over-year revenue growth, Ramp Networks stock reached an artificially inflated trading price of $26.75 per share. On September 29, 2000, however, defendants revealed that Ramp's revenues for the quarter ending the next day would be approximately 85% lower (and its loss 75% higher) than it had previously led analysts and the market to believe - a drastic decline in revenue in sequential and year-over-year terms. The next trading day, Ramp's share price dropped to $2.06 per share - decline of over 90% from Ramp's Class Period high. The lawsuit seeks to recover losses suffered by investors who purchased Ramp Networks stock during the class period, excluding the defendants and their affiliates. On November 14, 2000, subsequent to the filing of the suit, defendants issued a press release admitting that the financial statements it had issued for the first two quarters of 2000 were materially false and overstated when issued and would require a restating downwards. The action asserts claims for violations of sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. §78j(b) and §78t(a)) and SEC Rule 10b-5 (17 C.F.R. 240.10b-5) against Ramp Networks, Inc. and Mahesh Veerina (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Ramp Networks). On October 6, 2000, the first of several actions against Ramp Networks was commenced in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. On January 8, 2001, the court appointed Kirby McInerney & Squire as co-lead counsel for the proposed class of Ramp investors. On February 24, 2001, we filed an amendeded consolidated class action complaint. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss, and on June 22, 2001, the court dismissed the complaint, but granted plaintiffs leave to amend and resubmit their complaint.
   				









           			According to a press release dated July 31, 2006, the Third U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has upheld an unusual fee arrangement in a securities class action, allowing a percentage that increases, rather than drops, as the amount of the settlement rises. On July 20, the court approved $21.25 million in fees, plus $5.46 million in costs and expenses, for plaintiffs' counsel out of a $100 million common fund settlement in In re AT&T Corp. Securities Litigation , 05-2727 and 05-2728. An agreement between the lead plaintiffs and their counsel provided for fees of 15 percent of a settlement amount up to $25 million, 20 percent of a $25 million to $50 million settlement and 25 percent of a settlement above $50 million. U.S. District Judge Garrett Brown Jr. approved the settlement and fees in April 2005. Four objectors appealed the fees but not the settlement. The upward sliding fee scale was one of several grounds for the appeal, with the objectors arguing that the fee percentage should go down, not up, as the settlement amount increased. The appeals court disagreed, saying Brown 'did not abuse his discretion in concluding the sliding scale was fair and reasonable in light of the size of the settlement fund, the difficulty and length of the litigation, and the fact that all benefits accruing to class members are properly credited to the efforts of class counsel.On April 25, 2005, the Court entered the Final Judgment approving the settlement and dismissing the action.  Two notice of appeals have been filed by class members and the appeals are pending in the Third Circuit Court of Appeals.By the Notice of Settlement of Class Action dated October 26, 2004, a settlement hearing will be held on February 28, 2005. The purpose of the Settlement Hearing will be: (1) to determine whether the settlement consisting of One Hundred Million Dollars ($100,000,000.00) in cash should be approved as fair, reasonable, and adequate to Members of the Class (as defined below); (2) to determine whether the Final Judgment, dismissing with prejudice the Action and releasing the Released Parties from all Released Claims against them, should be entered pursuant to the Settlement and Stipulation; (3) to consider whether the proposed plan to distribute the settlement proceeds (the “Plan of Allocation”) is fair, reasonable, and adequate and should be approved; and (4) to consider whether the application by Plaintiffs’ Lead Counsel for an award of attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses and the Lead Plaintiffs’ request for reimbursement of their expenses (including lost wages) should be approved.As summarized by the same Notice, On October 27, 2000, by Order dated January 25, 2001, the Court consolidated ten related cases under the caption In re AT&T Corporation Securities Litigation, Master File No. 3:00-cv-05364(GEB) (the “Action”). On January 25, 2001 the Court appointed The New Hampshire Retirement System, Robert Baker, Mohammed Karkanawi, Mauline Coon (f.k.a. Mauline Karkanawi) and Secure Holdings, Inc. as Lead Plaintiffs and approved Lead Plaintiffs’ choice of counsel. On or about February 14, 2001, Lead Plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Class Action Complaint (the “Complaint”). The Complaint generally alleges that the Defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities and Exchange Commission during the period October 25, 1999 through May 1, 2000, inclusive of those dates. On January 30, 2002, the Court granted in part and denied in part, Defendants’ motions to dismiss and dismissed all claims against the Former Defendants. On or about September 16, 2002, the Court granted Plaintiffs’ motion for class certification and certified a class consisting of all purchasers of AT&T common stock between October 25, 1999 and May 1, 2000, inclusive of those dates. On June 4, 2004, the Court granted in part and denied in part Defendants’ motions for summary judgment. On or about July 2, 2004, the Court, pursuant to a request by Plaintiffs in light of the Court’s summary judgment rulings, ordered that the previously-certified class be narrowed to purchasers of AT&T common stock during the period from December 6, 1999 through May 1, 2000, inclusive of those dates. Following that, notice and an opportunity to request exclusion from the Class was provided to Class Members with a deadline of September 30, 2004 for any requests for exclusion from the Class. Trial of the Action commenced on October 5, 2004. Counsel for Lead Plaintiffs and counsel for the Defendants engaged in arm’s-length negotiations in an effort to resolve the Action, including conducting settlement conferences with Magistrate Judge John J. Hughes.  The original action seeks damages for violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The defendants are AT&T and C. Michael Armstrong, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AT&T. Plaintiff alleges that defendants knowingly or recklessly disseminated materially false and misleading statements and omissions that misrepresented AT&T's business, operations, new acquisitions and earnings growth and its ability to achieve profitable growth. Plaintiff further alleges that the misrepresentations and omissions by defendants influenced the views of securities analysts and fostered an unrealistically positive assessment of AT&T and its business, prospects and operations. Plaintiff alleges that, as a result of such misinformation, AT&T's stock traded at artificially inflated prices throughout the Class Period. Plaintiff alleges that defendants' materially false and misleading statements, included, among others: statements about AT&T's Concert joint venture, AT&T's Business Services corporate long-distance segment and AT&T's accelerating revenue growth made between 10/25/99 and 5/2/00 which were false due to undisclosed problems. These problems were exacerbated by AT&T's loss during 99 of two large U.S. government long-distance contracts (the FTS 2000 contracts) and a huge ($650 million per year) BP Amoco PLC contract. As a result of these negative factors, AT&T's competitive position was impaired and AT&T and Armstrong knew by 10/25/99 that AT&T's Business Services unit's revenues were being materially adversely affected.NOTE: Certain actions filed in 2000 against AT&T Corporation were also pending in the U.S. District for the Southern District of New York.  In 2001, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered those actions to be transferred to the District of New Jersey.  By the Order issued on December 19, 2001, the "New York cases" were consolidated under the master docket number 01-CV-1883.  Further, lead plaintiff and lead counsel were also granted.  On December 8, 2004, the Court issued the Order by the MDL Panel remanding the cases back to the USDC, Southern District of New York.  The separate action is titled In Re: AT&T Wireless Tracking Stock Securities Litigation, docket number 00-CV-08754 and is settling for $150 million.
   				

           			On August 22, 2008, a Notice of Appeal was filed by the lead plaintiff in the matter to contest the orders dated May 24, 2002, and August 12, 2002.According to a press release dated June 15, 2004, Alpharma Inc., announced that a three judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit has affirmed the District Court's dismissal with prejudice of the Securities Law class action filed against the company. This ruling effectively terminates this lawsuit subject to the plaintiff's right to appeal this decision to the full Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit on the U.S. Supreme Court. As previously reported by the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, the Company moved to dismiss the complaint on legal grounds and the District Court granted its motion with prejudice as to all defendants. The plaintiffs filed a motion for reconsideration with the District Court and the District Court affirmed its earlier dismissal. The plaintiffs have appealed the Court's decision to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. All permitted briefs have been filed with the Third Circuit and oral argument was completed in 2003. The original complaint alleges that, during the Class Period, Alpharma issued materially false and misleading financial results for each quarter of 1999, the full year of 1999, and the first two quarters of 2000.  These false and overstated results artificially inflated Alpharma's stock price.  On October 30, 2000, Alpharma admitted that its reported financial results throughout the Class Period had been inflated through the reporting of falsified sales and the recording of phantom revenue.  On October 30, 2000, Alpharma admitted that the revenues, net income and earnings per share it had reported throughout the Class Period had been materially overstated, false and misleading, and in need of restatement. When Alpharma revealed its true earnings for the Class Period,shares of Alpharma's common stock lost 31% of their value in one day, fallingfrom $17.69 per share to close at $ 38.81 per share on October 31, 2000.
   				

           			On April 27, 2001, the defendant filed a motion to dismiss the plaintiff’s consolidated and Amended Complaint.  On June 29, 2001, the Court entered the Order by U.S. District Judge Charles P. Kocoras granting the defendant's motion to dismiss plaintiff’s amended complaint.  The plaintiff’ complaint was dismissed in its entirety, Judgment was entered, and the case was terminated. The original Complaint charges that Allscripts violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In particular, Allscripts announced on October 26, 2000, after the close of trading, that its results for the second quarter of 2000 were being revised to correct an issue with respect to the recognition of revenue. Specifically, the company announced that its previously reported revenues for the second quarter of 2000 have been revised from $12.6 million to $12.1 million and previously reported revenues for the first 6 months of 2000 have been revised from $22.2 million to $21.7 million. The revisions increased Allscript's net loss for the second quarter of 2000 from $24.3 million to $24.8 million and net losses for the first six months of 2000 from $26.3 million to $26.8 million. After this announcement, the price of the Company's stock fell nearly 45%.
   				



           			According to the docket posted, on January 11, 2005, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment, signed by U.S. District Judge Charles A. Pannell.  Judge Pannell approved the terms and conditions of the Stipulation and Settlement Agreement, and dismissed the complaint with prejudice and without costs, except as provided in the Stipulation.In a press release dated dated August 6, 2004, on July 1, 2004, Clarus Corporation entered into a memorandum of understanding to settle a securities class action brought against the Company that was originally filed in 2000. Pursuant to the memorandum, the Company agreed in principle to settle the lawsuit in exchange for a payment of $4.5 million, which is expected to be covered by insurance. The final settlement of the consolidated class action is subject to certain action including the execution of definitive documentation and approval by the Court. By order of the Court dated November 21, 2000, all related cases were consolidated into one action entitled In re Clarus Corporation Securities Litigation. On December 29, 2000, competing motions for appointment of Lead Plaintiff and Lead Counsel were filed. On March 22, 2001, the Court appointed Lead Plaintiffs and Co-Lead Counsel, and on May 14, 2001, Lead Plaintiffs filed an Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint (the "Amended Complaint"). On June 29, 2001, the Defendants moved to dismiss the case, and Lead Plaintiffs filed a brief in opposition to Defendants' Motion to Dismiss. On August 27, 2001 the Defendants filed an additional reply to their motion and on April 16, 2002, the Court entered an Order denying Defendants' Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint. On May 16, 2002, Defendants filed their answer to the Amended Complaint. On June 17, 2002, Lead Plaintiffs filed a Motion for Class Certification, which the Judge denied on August 21, 2002. Plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint (the "2nd Amended Complaint") on December 3, 2003, which Defendants moved to dismiss on January 9, 2004. Lead Plaintiffs' opposed Defendants' motion on February 23, 2004.  On January 8, 2004, Lead Plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification. Prior to a ruling on Defendants' Motion to Dismiss and Lead Plaintiffs' Motion for Class Certification, the parties agreed to settle the lawsuit and entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (the "Stipulation"). The original complaint alleges that Clarus improperly included in its financial results a receivable that was past due and for which collection was not probable. In addition, the lawsuit says that Clarus failed to disclose that 20% of its receivables were owed by a single customer and did not advise investors of the risks the company faced if that customer did not pay its obligation. On October 25, 2000, Clarus stunned the market by disclosing a much greater loss for the third quarter of 2000 than it had previously led analysts to believe. The deeper-than-expected loss was due, in significant part, to the write-off of a $2 million receivable from one of its customers. In response to this announcement, the company’s stock price dropped 45%.


           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2004, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the Northern District action, which was heard on November 29, 2001. The motion was re-argued on February 19, 2004. On April 2, 2004, the Northern District dismissed the securities litigation against the Company, its CEO and its former CFO. Portions of the complaint relating to financial projections and forward-looking statements were dismissed “with prejudice” based on the “safe harbor” warnings given by the Company. The Court also dismissed all of the remaining allegations in the complaint based on deficiencies in those allegations. On June 23, 2004, all of the remaining allegations that were dismissed without prejudice in the Northern District action were dismissed with prejudice at the plaintiff’s request. Plaintiffs informed the Court that, after additional investigation, they were unable to identify facts necessary to support their allegations. As summarized by the same SEC filing, on October 20, 2000, a Copper Mountain stockholder, Ariel Hernandez, on behalf of himself and purportedly on behalf of a class of Company stockholders, filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (the “Northern District”) against the Company and two officers of the Company, alleging violations of the federal securities laws arising out of recent declines in the Company’s stock price. Thereafter, approximately twenty-three similar complaints were filed in the Northern District, along with related derivative actions against certain of the Company’s current and former officers and directors in California Superior Court (Aaron v. Gilbert, et. al. ) and Delaware (collectively, the “Complaints”). The Complaints allege claims in connection with various alleged statements and omissions to the public and to the securities markets. The twenty-three Northern District Complaints have been consolidated into a single action identified as In re Copper Mountain Networks Securities Litigation, case number C-00-3894-VRW. The original complaint charges Copper Mountain and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that defendants disseminated false and misleading statements concerning Copper Mountain's business with Lucent Technologies, Inc. ("Lucent") and its prospects for FY 2000 and beyond. Copper Mountain's relationship with one of its largest customers, Lucent, was faltering and because the "appearance" of future growth was so critical to defendants' plan to inflate the price of Copper Mountain shares, defendants continued to maintain throughout the Class Period that Copper Mountain would post FY 2000 revenue and EPS of at least $325 million and $1.00, respectively, when, in reality, defendants knew that Copper Mountain could not possibly achieve such performance. In addition, defendants sold $15 million worth of their own Copper Mountain shares at prices as high as $90 per share or 900% higher than the price to which Copper Mountain shares dropped at the end of the Class Period, as Copper Mountain's true prospects began to reach the market.On October 17, 2000, Copper Mountain revealed that, it would post revenue and EPS declines, despite defendants' repeated assurances of Copper Mountain's continuing "strong" revenue and EPS growth, including defendant Gilbert's assurances just five days earlier that the market for Copper Mountain's products remained strong. This disclosure shocked the market, causing Copper Mountain's stock to decline to less than $10 per share on record volume of more than 23 million shares.
   				

           			According to an article dated March 4, 2008, the district court approved the settlement on July 12, 2006, as reasonable considering the uncertain outcome and legal and factual questions (Sutton v. Bernard, 446 F.Supp.2d 814). The court held attorneys' fees would be awarded from the net settlement after expenses -- the net being $17,360,491.44. The district court, using the "degree of success" test, determined a fee of 15 percent of the net settlement, or $2,605,000, would be awarded, citing Hensley v. Eckerhart, 461 U.S. 424, 436, 103 S.Ct. 1933, 76 L.Ed.2d 40 (1983), and relying upon the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, 15 U.S.C. [sec] 78u-4(a)(6) (2007), as authority. The plaintiffs' counsel appealed. … Concluding the district court abused its discretion, [7th Circuit Judge Ann Claire] Williams stated: "A review of the shortcomings in the district court's methodology leads us to conclude that the court abused its discretion in awarding Counsel's fee percentage. The district court erroneously concluded that its fee determination was controlled by the `degree of success' achieved for the class. In addition, it did not factor into its assessment the value that the market would have placed on Counsel's legal services had its fee been arranged at the outset. Because the district court's fee award of 15 percent of the common fund is based on an erroneous conclusion of law, it must be vacated." The court vacated the district court's judgment and remanded for further proceedings.According to the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge John F. Grady on July 12, 2006, the settlement is approved and the complaint is dismissed with prejudice and without costs, except as provided in the Stipulation. The Plan of Allocation is also approved, and Plaintiffs’ Counsel is awarded 15% of the Net Settlement Fund, or the sum of $2,605,000 in fees, and $639,508.56 in reimbursement of expenses.By the Notice of Proposed Settlement of Class Action dated January 24, 2005, a Settlement Fund consisting of $18,000,000 in cash, plus interest, has been established. A hearing will be held on April 6, 2005, to determine whether a proposed settlement as set forth in the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement dated December 15, 2004, is fair, reasonable and adequate and to consider the proposed Plan of Allocation for the Settlement proceeds and the application of Plaintiffs’ Counsel for attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses. As summarized by the same Notice, by the order dated February 7, 2001 the Honorable John F. Grady, United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, consolidated the actions and appointed Lead Plaintiffs and Lead Plaintiffs’ Counsel. On May 3, 2001, the Lead Plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint (the “Complaint”), on behalf of all persons who purchased or acquired the securities of marchFIRST during the period commencing March 23, 2000 through November 20, 2000 (the “Class Period”) against Robert F. Bernard, Robert T. Clarkson, and Bert B. Young (the “Defendants”). Due to its bankruptcy, marchFIRST was not named as a defendant in the Complaint. Defendants moved to dismiss the complaint on June 15, 2002. On August 6, 2001, Judge Grady denied the motion o dismiss and directed the Defendants to file an answer to the Complaint by August 28, 2001. On September 4, 2001 Lead Plaintiffs filed a Motion for Class Certification. Following extensive discovery and briefing on class certification, Judge Grady certified the class by Order dated December 17, 2001. The first of several discovery requests were served by Lead Plaintiffs on September 6, 2001. Discovery has been on-going and extensive. Lead Plaintiffs have requested, received, and reviewed hundreds of boxes of documents. In addition to this Action, other litigation was brought against the Defendants. The bankruptcy Trustee for the estate of marchFIRST instituted adversary proceedings in the bankruptcy court against the Defendants herein and other former officers and directors of marchFIRST.The original class action lawsuit commenced charging marchFIRST and its chief executive officer with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 10b-5. The complaint alleges that Defendants made a series of materially false and misleading statements in: press releases, statements to stock analysts, and  SEC filings. The misrepresentations concerned: the Company's second quarter 2000 financial results; its improving business momentum, its ability to meet analyst expectations for third quarter performance, and the quality of its accounts receivables. As a result, marchFIRST's stock price was artificially inflated throughout the Class Period.NOTE: On April 12, 2001, the Company filed for relief under Chapter 1 I of the Federal Bankruptcy Code. For this reason, marchFIRST has not been included as a named defendant in the consolidated complaint.
   				

           			Related cases were ordered consolidated on January 4, 2001.  Lead plaintiff and co-lead counsel were approved on January 12, 2001.  Prior to filing a Consolidated complaint, parties agreed to settle the case.  Final approval was granted April 24, 2002.According to the docket, on December 13, 2001, the Court received the Stipulation of Settlement by the Plaintiff.  On April 29, 2002, the Court entered the Minutes approving the settlement agreement, granting the Plaintiff’s counsel’s application for an award of attorney fees, and denying the Plaintiff’s counsel’s application for reimbursement of expenses. The Court further entered the Final Judgment and Order by Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton dismissing action with prejudice.The complaint charges Pilot and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Pilot provides comprehensive security services over the Internet. The Company provides secure access and gateway services, secure hosting and electronic commerce services, and secure extranet and virtual private networking services. Pilot's protected services include e-commerce and e-business services, Internet access and gateways, and extranet/VPN. On 10/18/00, Pilot announced that: (i) its CFO, who had joined the Company just three weeks prior, had resigned; (ii) its Vice President of Financial Planning had resigned; (iii) it would not meet analysts' expectations for the September quarter; and (iv) it was conducting a formal investigation into its revenue recognition practices.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2002, since October 13, 2000 there have been eight complaints filed in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland against the Company and five individual defendants.  Lead plaintiffs and lead counsel were subsequently appointed.  A consolidated amended complaint captioned The Marsh Group, et al. v. PrimRetail, Inc., et al. dated May 21, 2001 was filed. The Company and the individual defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which was granted on November 8, 2001. The plaintiffs appealed the matter to the Fourth Circuit. Briefs were filed and oral arguments were held on June 4, 2002. On September 3, 2002 the Fourth Circuit affirmed the dismissal.  Plaintiffs have agreed not to seek further review of the dismissal.The original complaint charges Prime Retail and certain of its officers and directors with violations of federal securities laws. Specifically, the complaint alleges that Prime Retail assured its investors throughout the Class Period that it would issue a dividend in its fourth quarter of 1999, even though it knew that its deteriorating operations and debt-laden balance sheet would make issuing a dividend impossible. On January 18, 2000, Prime Retail announced that it would suspend its common dividend for 2000 because of lowered occupancy rates and cash shortage. The value of Prime Retail's securities plummeted by 37% from its prior day close on the news of this announcement.
   				

           			On July 2, 2003, the Court issued an Order and Final Judgment finding the terms and conditions of the stipulation and agreement of settlement dated March 28, 2003 are reasonable and adequate for the settlement of all claims asserted by the classes against the defendants. Further, U.S. District Judge Leonie M. Brinkema awarded plaintiffs’ counsel 30% of the Gross Settlement fund in fees and $1,525,000.00 in reimbursement of minus the $37,037.50 awarded to objectors counsel by our order of July 2, 2003. The case is closed. According to a Press Release dated December 29, 2000, the complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 by issuing a materially false and misleading Registration Statement and Prospectus. For example, as alleged in the Complaint, the Registration Statement and Prospectus falsely described the effect of the Company's acquisition of Metamor Worldwide, Inc. and its controlling interest of Xpedior Incorporated. On November 2, 2000, the Company shocked the market by reporting, among other things, a net loss of $1.4 billion for the third quarter of 2000, which included a $504 million charge to earnings to reflect the write-down of certain of the Company's "non-strategic" businesses acquired as part of the Metamor acquisition. The Company further announced that its President and Chief Operating Officer, defendant Harold Wills, had resigned. The market's reaction to this news was immediate. The stock price closed at $ 2 15/16 on November 2, 2000, down from $ 6 47/64 the previous day, down substantially from its recent trading price of $59 13/16 reached on March 8, 2000, and from its trading price of $16.25 on August 3, 2000.
   				

           			By the Order entered on September 27, 2004, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment regarding the remaining defendant, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.  At the settlement hearing, the settlement was approved, and the case was closed. According to a law firm website, a partial settlement of $25 million was proposed with defendants Rent-Way, Inc. and certain Individual Defendants. The claims deadline for this settlement was October 23, 2003 with final judicial approval granted on December 22, 2003. On July 29, 2004, the Court granted preliminary approval to a settlement with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”), the remaining defendants in the action, proposed by stipulation on July 22, 2004. Pursuant to the stipulation, PwC has agreed to pay an additional $4,400,000 to the Class to settle all claims against it arising from the Rent-Way suit.In a news article dated March 20, 2003, Rent-Way, Inc. announced that it has reached an agreement in principle to settle the consolidated class action pending against it in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Under the settlement, Rent-Way will pay $25 million to the class, consisting of $21 million in cash, $11 million of which is expected to be funded from available insurance proceeds, and $4 million in two year 6% subordinated, unsecured notes. The settlement is subject to negotiation of a final written settlement agreement and Court approval, and is conditioned on a refinancing or restructuring of the Company's outstanding bank debt on or before July 31, 2003.On March 9, 2001, the District Court ordered that the actions be consolidated and, appointed Cramer Rosenthal McGlynn, LLC, an investment advisor that purchased the Company's common stock for the accounts of its clients, to serve as lead plaintiff and the firm of Gold, Bennett, Cera & Sidener LLP to serve as lead counsel. The original complaint charges defendants with issuing materially false and misleading financial statements and press releases concerning Rent-Way's publicly reported earnings for the Company's fiscal year 2000 which ended September 30, 2000. During the Class Period, defendants reported "record" financial results for the first three quarters of 2000. The results purportedly represented a dramatic improvement over Rent-Way's fiscal year 1999 financial results. The complaint further alleges that on or around October 30, 2000, however, the company disclosed that it was conducting an investigation into possible "accounting irregularities" and had retained outside counsel to assist in the investigation. The company also reported that it had suspended its corporate controller and that its president and chief operating officer had relinquished his operating responsibilities. Rent-Way indicated that the "accounting irregularities" would have an impact of $25 to $35 million on a pre-tax basis, meaning that it would have to reduce its 2000 fiscal year earnings by at least that amount. The company also admitted that it would be unable to meet its earnings expectations as previously indicated. On October 31, 2000, the day after Rent-Way issued its press release, the price of its common stock plunged 79% to close at $5 per share.
   				

           			According to the docket, on April 29, 2003, the Court entered the Orders granting the motion for attorney fees and reimbursement of expenses and granting the motion for approval of the plan of allocation of the settlement proceeds.  The Court further entered the Final Judgment by U.S. District Judge James Ware, granting the motion for final approval of the settlement and dismissing the case with prejudice.As stated in the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement, the parties reached an agreement-in-principle to settle the action. The proposed settlement creates a fund in the amount of $6,000,000 in cash (the "Settlement Fund") and will include interest that accrues on the fund prior to distribution. Depending on the number of eligible shares purchased by Settlement Class Members who elect to participate in the settlement and when those shares were purchased and sold, the estimated average recovery per share will be approximately $0.55 before deduction of Court-approved fees and expenses. If the settlement is approved by the Court, counsel for the plaintiffs will apply to the Court for attorneys' fees of 25% of the Settlement Fund and reimbursement of out-of pocket expenses not to exceed $430,000 to be paid from the Settlement Fund. If the amount requested is approved by the Court, the average cost per share will be $0.18.The original complaint charges Sagent and certain of its officers and directors and its underwriter with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Sagent is a provider of Real-time eBusiness Intelligence Solutions which purport to enable enterprises to win new customers and improve operational effectiveness. On April 13, 1999, defendants arranged for Sagent to sell over 5.7 million shares of Sagent stock to the public for $9 per share (the "IPO" or "Offering") for total proceeds of more than $50 million. The IPO was over-subscribed, causing Sagent's share price to jump to $15-9/16 per share on the same day.The complaint alleges that as part of defendants' effort to boost the price of Sagent stock, they misrepresented Sagent's true 1999 and 2000 prospects in an effort to conceal Sagent's true prospects until they were able to sell at least $8 million of their own Sagent stock and were able to renew and/or expand Sagent's credit line which was set to expire in early 2000. Renewing Sagent's credit line was extremely important to defendants, as Sagent had not been, and would not be able to, fund its operations from cash generated by its business operations, because Sagent was continuing to post substantial losses. The complaint further alleges that on or around April 18, 2000, after representing throughout late 1999 and early 2000 that Sagent would achieve Q1 results of $17.4 million in revenue and $.04 in EPS, defendants revealed that Sagent would fall seriously short of the results theretofore promised by defendants. In fact, defendants were forced to reveal that contrary to their representations of closing Sagent's largest software deal ever and strong growth in revenue and EPS, Sagent was, in fact, suffering revenue and EPS declines. The price of Sagent shares dropped to as low as $7-7/32 per share on record volume of 17.5 million shares, a decline of more than 70% from where defendants had sold their own Sagent shares at prices as high as $27.875 months prior. Defendants further revealed that both Sagent's Vice President of Sales and Chief Financial Officer had resigned after the two officers had just collectively received more than $6 million in proceeds.
   				



           			Pursuant to the terms of the proposed Settlement, Defendants' insurance carriers have paid into an escrow account cash in the amount of $7,000,000 for the benefit of the Class. A hearing (the "Settlement Hearing") to determine, among other things, whether the proposed settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate was held on May 25, 2004. Judge Paul G. Cassell issued orders that same day granting final approval of the settlement, approving the plan of allocation and awarding attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses.On October 27, 2003, Sonic Innovations issued a press release stating that an agreement in principle to settle the action for $7,000,000 has been reached. The parties entered into a Stipulation of Settlement dated as of February 25, 2004. On March 1, 2004, a motion for Preliminary Approval of the proposed settlement was filed with the court and Judge Cassell signed an order granting Preliminary Approval that same day. Lead Plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification on May 27, 2003, and on September 8, 2003, the Judge issued an order certifying the class as those "persons who purchased or otherwise acquired Sonic Innovation Inc.'s...publicly traded common stock between May 2, 2000 and October 24, 2000, including those who purchased or acquired Sonic's common stock pursuant or traceable to [Sonic's] May 2, 2000 initial public offering...." Lead Plaintiffs filed an Amended Complaint on March 16, 2001, which Defendants moved to dismiss on April 30, 2001. On November 9, 2001, the Court granted Defendants' Motions to Dismiss with leave for Lead Plaintiffs to file a Second Amended Class Action Complaint (the "2nd Amended Complaint"), which was filed on December 21, 2001. Defendants' filed their Motions to Dismiss this complaint on February 28, 2002. Lead Plaintiffs filed their opposition to the Defendants' motions on May 7, 2002. On November 7, 2002, a hearing on Defendants' motions was held and on February 11, 2003, Judge Paul G. Cassell issued a Memorandum Decision denying Defendants' Motions to Dismiss the 2nd Amended Complaint. Thereafter, on March 19, 2003, Defendants filed their Answer to the Second Amended Complaint. A motion for the appointment of Lead Plaintiff and Lead Counsel was filed on December 26, 2000 and a Stipulation to consolidate all related cases was filed on January 2, 2001. On January 29, 2001, the Court granted the stipulation to consolidate the cases into one class action lawsuit, captioned Steinbeck v. Sonic Innovations, Inc., and on January 31, 2001, appointed Lead Plaintiffs and Lead Counsel.The original complaint charges Sonic Innovations and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Sonic Innovations designs, manufacturers and markets digital hearing aids and hearing aid components. The complaint alleges that from May 2, 2000 through October 24, 2000, Sonic Innovations saw its stock price soar from its IPO price of $14 per share to as high as $25 per share as Sonic Innovations misrepresented the true status of its relationship with Starkey Laboratories, Inc. ("Starkey"), concealing the fact that Starkey, one of Sonic Innovations's largest customers: (a) had millions of dollars worth of Sonic Innovations's product in its inventory that it could not sell; (b) was refusing to pay for product previously shipped to it by Sonic Innovations; and (c) considered the April 19, 1999 OEM Agreement to be void as Sonic Innovations had materially breached the OEM Agreement due to, among other things, materially breaching the quality control provisions. The complaint further alleges that the defendants knowingly concealed the fact that they were informed prior to the IPO that the IC-1 chips the company was shipping to Starkey were defective which would jeopardize its contract with Starkey but would allow defendants to complete the IPO and artificially inflate Sonic Innovation's Q2 projections, its Q2 results and its Q3 projections/results. As a result of defendants' alleged false statements/omissions, Sonic Innovations's stock traded at inflated levels during the Class Period, increasing to as high as $25 on June 20, 2000 and tumbled to $5-1/2 on October 25, 2000 as defendants began to partially reveal the true status of the Company's relationship with Starkey.
   				





           			According to a press release dated July 23, 2003, a federal appeals court has upheld Bethesda-based USEC Inc.'s win in a consolidated securities fraud class action brought by shareholders who claimed the company painted too rosy a picture in the prospectus for its July 1998 initial public offering. The claims against USEC, the country's only supplier of enriched uranium for commercial power plants, are barred because they were filed more than a year after the investors should have realized the statements in the prospectus were false, the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals held. … The court remanded the case for consideration of USEC's motion for sanctions against the investors, but expressly declined to decide whether such sanctions are appropriate in this case. Among other things, the investors alleged that USEC knew in advance of the 1998 IPO that a process touted in the prospectus, which theoretically would slash production costs, was not technologically feasible. Evidence of that foreknowledge emerged at a congressional hearing in April 2000, just six months before the first of 10 class action lawsuits was filed in October 2000, the investors claimed. However, USEC announced it was abandoning the technology -- a laser-based method of isotope separation known as AVLIS -- in June 1999, well over a year before the first action was filed. "Any question about the viability of AVLIS was put to rest with the announcement of its abandonment in the press release," the 4th Circuit wrote.As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2003, in March 2002, the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland dismissed the lawsuit. In April 2002, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. On July 24, 2003, the Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court’s dismissal of the lawsuit.On June 21, 2001, U.S. District Judge Joseph H. McKinley Jr. granted the motion to transfer the case from the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Kentucky to the District of Maryland for further adjudicationBetween October and December of 2000, several federal securities lawsuits were and later consolidated. The consolidated complaint named as defendants USEC, two of USEC's officers, and the seven underwriters involved in the initial public offering of common stock. The complaint generally alleged that certain statements in the registration statement and prospectus for the July 28, 1998 initial public offering were materially false and misleading because they misrepresented and failed to disclose certain adverse material facts, risks and uncertainties. The plaintiffs were seeking compensatory damages. The original complaint charges that defendants violated Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15  of the of the Securities Act of 1933, by filing with the SEC, and disseminating a Prospectus in connection with USEC's IPO Registration Statement on July 23, 1998, which contained materially false and misleading statements of facts and omissions regarding the Company and its business. For example, as alleged in the complaint, defendants failed to adequately disclose the true risks and uncertainties that the uranium enrichment industry was subject to, and downplayed the likelihood that a long-term contract with the Russian Federation would turn unprofitable. Shortly following the IPO, the Company was buying enriched uranium from the Russian Federation at well-above market prices and reselling it for a loss. Moreover, the complaint alleges, the Company failed to reveal the true facts relating to an enrichment technology USEC was developing  ("AVLIS") that was highly touted in the Prospectus and critical to its profitability, but which was abandoned shortly after the IPO. As these undisclosed risks materialized, the Company's stock declined from its $14.25 per share IPO price to $7.375 on December 3, 1999 (a 48% decline) -- the day after USEC announced that it would continue its money-losing contract with the Russian Federation.
   				







           			On May 14, 2002, the Court entered the Order, Judgment, and Amended Judgment dismissing the action with prejudice as the matter has been fully adjudicated on the merits in the Court.  The case is closed.As disclosed by the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001, in July 2001, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit. On February 19, 2002, the court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss, but allowed the plaintiffs to file a motion seeking leave to amend their complaint. On March 22, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a motion requesting additional time to amend their complaint. That motion is pending.The original complaint charges CompuCredit and its chief executive officer, with making false and misleading public statements about the company that artificially inflated its stock. In particular, the complaint accuses CompuCredit of concealing information about a substantial rise in bad loans during the third quarter of 2000, which ended Sept. 30. After the stock market closed Oct. 24, the company surprised analysts by disclosing that its financial report would include a net charge-off rate for bad loans of 11% as compared to 9.2% for the previous quarter. As a result, CCRT common stock fell 43% the next day, from about $51 on Oct. 24, 2000 to $29 at the close of trading Oct. 25.
   				

           			According to the docket, on April 2, 2003, the Court entered the Orders by U.S. District Judge Arlander Key granting the parties’ joint motion for preliminary approval of the settlement agreement and certifying the settlement class for the settlement of the securities class action and shareholder derivative action.  The fairness hearing was set for June 18, 2003.  On June 18, 2003, the settlement was approved.  Pursuant to the Order and Final Judgment entered on June 18, 2003, and pursuant to Stipulation and Final Approval of Class Action Settlement, the case was dismissed on the merits with prejudice and without costs to any party. In a news article dated February 24, 2003, Westell Technologies, Inc. announced on February 20, 2003, an agreement to settle the consolidated securities class action lawsuit In re Westell Technologies, Inc. Securities Litigation (No. 00C6735) filed against the Company and certain executive officers and directors of the Company in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. In addition, Westell announced an agreement to settle the related consolidated derivative action Dollens and Vukovich v. Zionts, et al. (No. 01C2826), filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The actions generally alleged that the defendants violated the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws or state common laws by making false and misleading statements in 2000 regarding forecasts for the second quarter of Westell's fiscal 2001. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, all claims will be dismissed without any admission of liability or wrongdoing by any  defendant.Further, under the terms of the settlement, Westell's and its directors' and officers' liability insurers will pay a total of $3.95 million to the plaintiffs and their counsel. Westell does not expect to pay anything in connection with the settlement. The shareholder class will receive $3.35 million out of which the Court will be asked to award attorneys' fees and expenses to class counsel. Counsel to plaintiffs in the derivative action will receive the remaining $600,000 to settle the derivative claim. Beyond the financial settlement, Westell agreed to adopt certain corporate governance and communications procedures. The agreement is subject court approval.The parties expect that the Court will first consider the settlement at a preliminary approval hearing that they anticipate will occur in March 2003.On January 10, 2001, the plaintiffs’ motion for consolidation was granted, and the Court appointed lead plaintiff and lead counsel.  On February 1, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended class action complaint, and, that same day, the defendants responded by filing a motion to dismiss the plaintiff's consolidated complaint.  On October 30, 2001, the Court entered the Minute Order by U.S. District Judge Joan Humphrey Lefkow granting in part and denying in part the motion to dismiss. The original complaint alleged that Westell and certain of its officers and directors violated federal securities laws by making a series of materially false and misleading statements. Specifically, shareholders asserted that Westell misrepresented the level of demand for its products from SBC Communications when they knew since June of 2000 that SBC would be purchasing significantly fewer modems from the Company. In addition, certain officers and directors sold over $11 million of Westell shares in alleged illegal insider trades at peak prices near $30 per share, just before an analyst began reporting that the customer would be scaling back its modem purchases. As a result of these false and misleading statements, the complaint charges, Westell's stock price was artificially inflated throughout the Class Period, causing plaintiffs and the other members of the Class to suffer damages.
   				

           			On August 20, 2003, the Court entered the certified copies of the Opinion and Judgment of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit Court affirming the judgment of the District Court.On September 24, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a motion to set aside the March 29, 2002 Final Judgment, and On March 6, 2003, the Court issued the Memorandum Opinion and Order denying that motion.  On March 18, 2003, the plaintiffs filed another Notice of Appeal from the Memorandum Opinion and Order denying the motions to set aside Judgment.According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2002, on March 29, 2002, the district court granted the motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint filed by WorldCom and the individual defendants, and it entered final judgment dismissing the complaint with prejudice. On April 4, 2002, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. As summarized by the same SEC filing, in November 2000, class action complaints were filed in the United States District Courts for the Southern District of Mississippi, the Southern District of New York, and the District of Columbia against WorldCom and some of our executive officers. All of these actions were consolidated in the Southern District of Mississippi on March 27, 2001, along with another purported class action lawsuit filed on behalf of individuals who purchased stock in Intermediabetween September 5 and November 1, 2000, which action asserted substantiallysimilar claims and alleges that after the announcement of the WorldCom-Intermedia merger, the price of Intermedia stock was tied to the price of WorldCom stock. On June 1, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint. Among other things, the consolidated amended complaint alleged that statements regarding WorldCom's revenues, the integration of MCI, the success of UUNET Technologies, and the expansion of WorldCom's network were false; WorldCom's financial disclosures were false; and WorldCom's announcement of its "generation d" initiative was misleading. Based on these allegations, the consolidated amended complaint asserts claims for violation of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The consolidated amended complaint seeks to certify a class of persons who purchased WorldCom shares between February 10, 2000 and November 1, 2000, inclusive; it does not assert separate claims on behalf of purchasers of Intermedia shares. According to a Press Release dated December 15, 2000, a  lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi, on behalf of a class (the "Class") consisting of all purchasers of Intermedia Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ: ICIX-news) common stock during the period between September 5, 2000 and November 1, 2000, inclusive. The defendants are WorldCom, Inc., WorldCom's Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer. The claims arise under Sections 10(b) and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rul 10b-5 promulgated thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The complaint alleges that defendants made a series of materially false and misleading statements in press releases and SEC filings concerning: the effect of the failure of WorldCom's proposed merger with Sprint, particularly with regard to the impact of lost cost savings and revenues, the difficulties experienced in relation to WorldCom's acquisition of MCI; WorldCom's decreasing growth rates; and WorldCom's growing uncollectable receivables, which were not accurately reflected in its financial statements. The complaint further alleges that these material misstatements of fact enabled WorldCom,on September 5, 2000, to enter into an agreement to acquire Intermedia, for WorldCom stock, the price of which was artificially inflated at that time, and causing Intermedia's stock to be pegged to the market price of WorldCom shares. Plaintiff and other similarly situated purchasers of Intermedia Communications stock have been damaged by purchasing their stock at inflated prices. The stock dropped significantly as the true facts concerning WorldCom's business affairs began to  be revealed on November 1, 2000.The first filed complaint charges WorldCom and certain of its officers and directors with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 10b-5. The complaint alleges that Defendants made a series of materially false and misleading statements in press releases and SEC filings. These misrepresentations concerned: the effect of the Company's acquisition of MCI; the Company's decreasing growth rates; the Defendants' dependence on the revenue stream from the proposed Sprint merger; and the Company's receivables as reflected in its financial statements. As a result of these misrepresentations, WorldCom's stock price was artificially inflated throughout the Class Period, damaging Plaintiff and the Class he seeks to represent.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2003, on November 12, 2002, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California, the Court entered a stipulation of voluntary dismissal and an order dismissing the shareholder class-action suit in its entirety. The dismissal is without prejudice to the rights of individuals to pursue separate claims. Plaintiffs submitted the voluntary dismissal of the action against the Company and its former officers. No consideration was provided by the Company or its former officers, and each side is to bear its own costs.As reported by the same SEC filing, on April 17, 2001, the Company was served with an Amended and Consolidated Complaint. A hearing on the motion filed by the Company and the two former officers to dismiss the Amended and Consolidated Complaint was held on October 9, 2001. By an order dated January 14, 2002, the Court dismissed the First Amended and Consolidated Complaint without prejudice and granted the plaintiffs sixty days to file a Second Amended and Consolidated Complaint. The plaintiff class filed a Second Amended and Consolidated Complaint on March 15, 2002. On July 16, 2002, the Court granted the plaintiff class’ request to file a Third Amended Complaint that was filed as of the date of the Court’s order.The original lawsuit alleges that Peerless and certain of its management insiders intentionally participated in a scheme to artificially inflate the Company's stock price to allow certain critical acquisitions to proceed and preserve Defendants' share holdings. Peerless, purportedly a key provider of software-based embedded imaging systems to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of digital document products, (including, for example, printers, copiers, fax machines and scanners) is alleged by this action to have issued a series of false and misleading statements during the Class Period that failed to reveal that business was deteriorating and a conscious and intentional decision was made by management to replace the Company's failing business model without disclosing facts necessary for such action. In truth, as alleged in the complaint, the decision by Peerless to change its business model caused royalty recognition and, thereby revenue, to be misstated as "block royalties" and replaced the payment process previously reported for Peerless. As alleged in the complaint, this conduct disguised the decline of Peerless' business; the Company's chairman, chief executive officer and material chief financial officer have now departed.
   				





           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001, on March 5, 2002 upon the Company's motion, Judge Katherine Hayden of the United States District Court, District of New Jersey, ordered the dismissal with prejudice of this consolidated class action.The original class action complaint alleges that the Defendants violated Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule10b-5 promulgated thereunder by the of the Securities and Exchange Commission  by, inter alia, making material misrepresentations concerning the Company’s financial conditions.  As alleged in the class action complaint, on October 4, 2000, Knight revealed its financial problems to the public.  The Company could not maintain a 20% to 30% earnings growth rate for the third quarter 2000.  Knight issued a press release on October 4, 2000 stating that it would post third quarter profits as much as 58% below Wall Street forecasts because of a weak stock market and the cost of building up its European operations. Also, during the class period, the individual defendants sold in excess of $50 million of Nite stock.
   				

           			On December 5, 2006, the hearing on the final approval of class action settlement was held before Chief Judge Vaughn R Walker.  That day, the Court entered the Order granting final approval of the class action settlement and plan of allocation, and granting the application for award of attorney fees and reimbursement of expenses.  Judgment was entered and the case is now closed.According to a press release dated August 15, 2006, a hearing will be held on October 19, 2006 at 2:00 p.m. (the "Settlement Hearing") before the Honorable Vaughn R. Walker, in the United States District Court, Northern District of California, located at 450 Golden Gate Avenue, San Francisco, California 94102, for the purpose of determining: (i) whether the proposed Settlement of the Litigation for the principal amount of $10,100,000 should be approved by the Court as fair, reasonable and adequate; (ii) whether the Litigation should be dismissed on the merits and with prejudice pursuant to the terms of the Stipulation; (iii) whether the proposed Plan of Allocation should be approved as fair and reasonable; (iv) whether Lead Counsel's application for fees and expenses, including the award of reasonable costs and expenses (including lost wages, directly relating to the representation of the Settlement Class to the Lead Plaintiff serving on behalf of the Settlement Class) and interest thereon should be approved; and (v) whether the releases provided for in the Stipulation should be approved as fair, reasonable and adequate to the Members of the Settlement Class.According to the docket posted, on October 28, 2005, a Motion for Preliminary Approval of the proposed settlement was filed with the Court. On February 7, 2006, Judge Vaughn Walker issued an Order requesting further briefing with regard to the proposed settlement.In a press release dated December 7, 2004, Quintus Corporation announced that it has reached a settlement in connection with all of the securities litigation involving Quintus and its former officers and directors. This litigation includes a class action suit pending in the federal district court for the Northern District of California, state court lawsuits in California and Texas and suits and claims in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware. Under the terms of the settlement, the various plaintiff groups will be paid a total of $13 million. Quintus will contribute $1 million of this amount from existing cash, while the remaining $12 million will be paid by certain insurers and Quintus' former auditors. The settling parties will exchange releases. The settlement is subject to court approval by both the federal court in California and the Delaware Bankruptcy Court. The settlement funds will only be disbursed after the required court approval. Terms of the settlement also include the reacquisition or subordination of certain shares of Quintus stock held by its former Chief Executive Officer and its former Chief Financial Officer. On January 16, 2001, motions for the appointment of Lead Plaintiff and Lead Counsel and to consolidate all related actions were filed with the court. The Court consolidated all related cases and appointed Lead Plaintiffs on April 12, 2001. The Court appointed Lead Counsel on May 31, 2001. Lead Plaintiffs filed an Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint (“the Amended Complaint”) on July 30, 2001. Defendants moved to dismiss the Amended Complaint on October 29, 2001, which Plaintiffs opposed. On September 3, 2002, the Court granted in part and denied in part the Motions to Dismiss and gave Lead Plaintiffs an opportunity to file a First Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint (the “1st Amended Complaint”). On February 10, Lead Plaintiffs filed their 1st Amended Complaint and on March 28, 2003 Defendants filed their Motions to Dismiss this Complaint. Plaintiffs filed their Opposition to the Motion to Dismiss on May 23, 2003. A hearing on Defendants’ motion was set and rescheduled numerous times.  On December 7, 2004, prior to a ruling on Defendants’ Motion to Dismiss, Quintus announced that it reached a settlement.The original action charges that Quintus and some of its top officers misled investors about the company’s revenues and earnings and that the company did not prepare its financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. On November 15, 2000, the company announced it was investigating “certain financial reporting matters” and had delayed filing its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2000, “pending completion of the investigation of revenue and accounts receivable” for that and previous periods. As a result of the announcement, Quintus shares fell 50% from its closing price of $6 on November 14 to $3 at midday the following day before trading in the stock was halted on the Nasdaq Stock Market.NOTE: On February 23, 2002, defendant Quintus Corporation filed a notice of bankruptcy. 
   				





           			By the Order and Final Judgment, entered on July 24, 2002, the Stipulation is approved as fair, reasonable and adequate, and the Consolidated Complaint is hereby dismissed with prejudice and without costs, except as provided in the Stipulation.According to the Notice Of Pendency Of Class Action, a hearing will be held before the Honorable Robert E. Keeton in the United States Courthouse, One Courthouse Way, Boston, Massachusetts 02210, at 2:00 p.m., on July 24, 2002 (the “Settlement Fairness Hearing”) to determine whether a proposed settlement as set forth in the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement and Dismissal dated April 30, 2002, is fair, reasonable and adequate, and to consider approval of the Plan of Allocation and the application of class counsel for attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses.  A Settlement Fund consisting of $3.25 million in cash has been established on behalf of defendants.On August 7, 2001, the Court entered an order granting Plaintiffs’ motion to consolidate the pending actions, appointing Lead Plaintiffs, appointing and Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP as Plaintiffs’ Lead Counsel, and appointing Moulton & Gans LLP as Plaintiffs’ Liaison Counsel. On October 16, 2001, Plaintiffs filed and served their Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint.  On December 4, 2001, the Defendants responded by filing a motion to dismiss the Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint.The original complaint alleges that PRI promoted itself as a leading supplier of factory automation systems for semiconductor manufacturers. Throughout the Class Period, defendants represented that the Company was ramping up production of its state-of-the-art Turbostocker XT. Defendants also repeatedly claimed that PRI was "well positioned" to meet the surging demand for factory automation systems and that PRI had an edge over its competitors due to its "technological leadership" and "specialized manufacturing skills." The complaint alleges that, as result of these misrepresentations, PRI's share price increased, from $75.43 at the commencement of the Class Period to a Class Period high closing price of $89.56 on March 9, 2000. Company insiders took advantage of the artificial inflation of the Company's stock price; between March 1 to March 15, 2000, when as a result of defendants' misrepresentations, PRI stock was trading at or near the Class Period high, insiders sold 36,600 PRI shares for proceeds of $3,214,800. In addition, prior to the disclosure of the adverse facts, PRI completed a public offering of 1,705,000 shares netting proceeds of approximately $85.1 million for the Company and $18.5 million PRI insiders. The complaint alleges that, unbeknownst to investors, PRI was experiencing significant and material manufacturing problems and that therefore, PRI was not "well positioned" to take advantage of the surging demand for automation systems. The truth emerged on September 11, 2000 when, after the close of trading, defendants disclosed in a conference call with analysts, and an announcement over the PR Newswire, that it was having "manufacturability, capacity and supply chain problems" in its Factory Systems Division relating to the new Turbostocker XT, which had been scheduled to transition into high volume production during the quarter. Defendants warned that, as a result of these problems, they expected PRI's net income for the quarter to be breakeven, not counting one-time special charges, down from net income of $9.8 million, or $0.38 per share in the third quarter. On news of PRI's earnings warning, the Company's shares fell 39% in a single day, from a closing price of $42.68 on September 11, 2000 to a closing price of $25.87 on September 12, 2000, making PRI one the day's five biggest NASDAQ losers.
   				

           			The original complaint alleged that during the class period, Heartland miscalculated and misrepresented the Net Asset Value (NAV) of the two funds listed below and the true risk of investing in them. According to the complaint, on October 16, 2000, the funds' advisers blindsided investors by announcing that they were drastically writing down the NAV of the funds. Specifically, HRHYX's NAV was reduced 70% from $8.01 per share to $2.45, and HRSDX's NAV was reduced 44% from $8.70 per share to $4.87. Funds named in the complaint:-Heartland High-Yield Municipal Bond Fund (Nasdaq: HRHYX)-Heartland Short Duration High-Yield Municipal Bond Fund (Nasdaq: HRSDX)NOTE: In March of 2001, the Securities Exchange Commission seized the assets of the funds and placed them under the control of a court-appointed receiver.On November 12 and 13, 2001, the parties attended an intensive mediation, which resulted in a partial settlement of the lawsuit. On March 15, 2002, a Stipulation of Partial Settlement was executed on behalf of the Lead Plaintiffs and the Settling Defendants. Pursuant to the terms of the proposed Partial Settlement, a Settlement Fund in the amount of $14,000,000 has been established for the benefit of the Class. A Preliminary Approval hearing was held, and on April 4, 2002, the Honorable Judge Joseph P. Stadtmueller granted Preliminary Approval of the Settlement. For purposes of the proposed Partial Settlement only, the following Settlement Class has been conditionally certified by the Court: "All persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired shares of the Heartland High-Yield Municipal Bond Fund and/or the Heartland Short Duration High-Yield Municipal Fund either directly or by dividend reinvestment during the period from and including January 2, 1997 through and including October 16, 2000 and sustained a loss thereon."  A Final Approval hearing was held on July 18, 2002 to determine whether the proposed Partial Settlement is fair, reasonable, and adequate and in the best interests of the Settlement Class, Order, dated that same day, the Honorable Judge Joseph P. Stadtmueller granted final approval of the Settlement and awarded Plaintiffs' Counsel attorneys fees and expenses.On August 1, 2003, the Settlement Fund for the above partial settlement was distributed to those shareholders who filed valid claims. The case is continuing against remaining Defendants PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC) and Interactive Data Corporation. On March 15, 2002, PwC filed a motion to dismiss Plaintiffs' Amended Complaint that was filed on October 30, 2001. Both parties briefed the issues and on December 10, 2002, Judge Stadtmueller issued an Order granting in part and denying in part PwC's motion to dismiss. PwC filed their answer to the Amended Complaint on January 10, 2003. On March 10, 2003, PwC responded to Lead Plaintiffs' motion to certify the class, filed on March 22, 2002, arguing, among other things, that the class period should be modified. On July 7, 2003, Judge Stadtmueller issued an order modifying the class period of October 27, 1997 through October 16, 2000 to May 1, 1998 through October 16, 2000, for purposes of the claims against PwC. Pursuant to na Order issued on January 15, 2004, discovery is to be completed by March 1, 2004. Plaintiffs are to disclose experts by March 26, 2004 and Defendants are to disclose experts by April 23, 2004. All expert discovery is to be completed by May 28, 2004. Dispositive motions are due by June 25, 2004.  On July 6, 2004, following a Settlement Fairness Hearing, the court entered an Order approving settlement of the Class claims against Interactive Data Corporation for $1,000,000.  In a press release dated May 16, 2005, a federal judge in Milwaukee on Wednesday denied a motion for summary judgment by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in an investor class-action lawsuit filed against the firm for its role as auditor of the Heartland Group Inc. high yield municipal bond mutual funds before their collapse in 2000. The lawsuit charges that PricewaterhouseCoopers' audit opinions failed to disclose the funds' violations of key internal procedures and investment restrictions, including a 15% limitation on illiquid securities. In its motion for summary judgment, the auditor claimed that plaintiffs were unable to identify any misstatements it had made or prove that it was responsible for any damages they had incurred as a result. "The court, however, finds that the plaintiffs have set forth evidence demonstrating that a genuine issue of material fact exists regarding whether the funds violated the 15% illiquidity restriction," Judge J.P. Stadtmueller, of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin, wrote in his decision. His decision was partly based on the depositions of the plaintiffs' experts who had reviewed the matter. The plaintiffs have already settled with Heartland and other related parties for a combined $ 15 million.Jury trial began on November 28, 2005, with remaining defendant PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.In a press release dated January 4, 2006, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has settled a class-action lawsuit over its auditing of some defunct mutual funds run by Milwaukee's Heartland Advisors Inc. The settlement is for $ 8.25 million, according to C. Oliver Burt III, attorney for investors in the two funds, the old Heartland High-Yield Municipal Bond Fund and Short Duration High-Yield Municipal Fund. The matter was the subject of a 12-day trial, which was to have gone to a jury Tuesday in the courtroom of Federal Judge J.P. Stadtmueller. Attorney's fees and costs will be deducted from the settlement before money is sent to the 10,000 to 11,000 former shareholders in the funds. Stadtmueller must approve the settlement, including the costs and fees. Earlier, Heartland settled the case for $ 14 million, and Interactive Data Corp., a company that provided prices for some of the bonds in the funds, paid $ 1 million. Shareholders also received slightly more than $ 30 million when assets of the funds were liquidated by a receiver. According to a press release dated March 7, 2006, Lawyers for shareholders of two defunct mutual funds run by Milwaukee's Heartland Advisors Inc. want a fee of 30% of the $8.25 million settlement of a class-action lawsuit against Heartland's accounting firm and $1 million in expenses, according to papers filed Monday. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP agreed to the settlement in January, just as the case was to go to the jury following 12 days of testimony before U.S. District Judge J.P. Stadtmueller in Milwaukee. The money will be paid to settle a claim that the accounting firm failed to properly audit the old Heartland High-Yield Municipal Bond Fund and Short Duration High-Yield Municipal Fund. The value of the two funds fell sharply in October 2000, following markdowns in the bonds they held. How much any of the 10,000 to 11,000 investors in the funds will receive depends on when they bought and sold their shares, said C. Oliver Burt III, a lawyer from West Palm Beach, Fla. Burt tried the case and filed for the 30% fee plus expenses. The payments will be made after a pair of hearings by Stadtmueller, where he will decide how much Burt should receive. Burt said he and his team incurred costs of $1,050,435 in the matter, which he asked to be awarded in addition to 30% of the settlement, which is $2,475,000. Eric Jacobson, who is following the matter for Morningstar Inc. in Chicago, said a 30% fee "doesn't sound unusual to me." Earlier, Heartland settled the case for $14 million, and Interactive Data Corp., a company that provided prices for some of the thinly traded bonds in the funds, paid $1 million. The former shareholders also received slightly more than $30 million when the assets in the funds were liquidated by a receiver. Altogether, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has estimated that fund shareholders lost about $80 million.
   				

           			According to the latest docket, on April 7, 2005, the Court entered the Judgment in favor of Defendants and against Plaintiff Tracinda Corporation, and the case was closed.  The Plaintiff Tracinda Corporation filed a Notice of Appeal and the defendants responded by filing a Notice of Cross Appeal.  The appeal is currently pending in the Third Circuit Court of Appeals.As reported by the Company’s FORM 20-F For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2003, in August 2003, DaimlerChrysler agreed to settle the consolidated class action case for $300 million (approximately [EURO]240 million adjusted for currency effects), and shortly thereafter, DaimlerChrysler concluded a settlement with Glickenhaus, one of the two individual plaintiffs. On February 5, 2004, the Court issued a final order approving the settlement of the consolidated class action case and ordering its dismissal. The settlements did not affect the case brought by Tracinda, which claims to have suffered damages in the range of $856 million to $1.28 billion. In November 2003, the Court denied the remaining aspects of defendants' motion for summary judgment. The Tracinda case went to trial in December 2003 and continued for approximately two weeks. Trial of the case was suspended with approximately two days of trial time remaining while the parties addressed a discovery issue in a separate hearing. The trial reconvened on February 9, 2004, and was completed February 11, 2004. As summarized by the same SEC filing, in the fourth quarter of 2000, Tracinda Corporation filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware against DaimlerChrysler AG and some of the members of its Supervisory Board and Board of Management (Messrs. Kopper, Prof. Schrempp and Dr. Gentz). Shortly thereafter, other plaintiffs filed a number of actions against the same defendants, making claims similar to those in the Tracinda complaint. Two individual lawsuits and one consolidated class action lawsuit were originally pending. The plaintiffs, current or former DaimlerChrysler shareholders, alleged that the defendants violated U.S. securities law and committed fraud in obtaining approval from Chrysler stockholders of the business combination between Chrysler and Daimler-Benz in 1998. The consolidated class action complaint contained additional allegations that were later dismissed. In March 2003, the Court granted Mr. Kopper's motion to dismiss each of the complaints against him on the ground that the Court lacked jurisdiction over him. In February 2003, the DaimlerChrysler defendants filed motions seeking summary judgment on all claims in the cases on several grounds, including that the claims are barred by the statute of limitations. In June 2003, the Court denied defendants' motion relating to the statute of limitations. The original complaint charges that defendants violated Sections 10(b), 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rules 10b-5 and 14a-9 promulgated thereunder, and Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, for materially false representations of fact contained in statements to the public, and documents filed with the SEC, in connection with DaimlerChrysler's procurement of the necessary shareholder approval for the Merger. Specifically, as alleged in the complaint, defendants issued numerous statements assuring the markets that the Merger would be a Merger of Equals, when in fact, defendants had intended to turn Chrysler into a division of DaimlerChrysler. Since the Merger, DaimlerChrysler has replaced numerous high-ranking executives of Chrysler with those of DaimlerChrysler. The shareholders who exchanged their Chrysler shares for those of DaimlerChrysler have seen the stock price of DaimlerChrysler drop dramatically since the Merger.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for quarterly period ended October 27, 2001, on July 26, 2001, the Company and certain other defendants reached an agreement in principle to settle the complaint. Under the terms of the settlement, theCompany will provide the plaintiffs: (i) a $2,000,000 subordinated note due five years from the date of issuance with interest in arrears accrued at 6% per annum; (ii) 2.5 million shares of the Company's common stock; and, (iii) 1 million warrants to purchase the Company's Common Stock at $2 per share. The Warrants are callable by the Company at $0.25 per share if the Company stock trades at a price in excess of $4 for 10 days or more. This settlement was approved by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on January 29, 2002.Earlier, according to the same SEC filing, a consolidated class action complaint against the Company, certain of its former officers and directors and its auditors was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint alleged violations of the federal securities laws and sought to recover damages on behalf of all purchasers of the Company's common stock during the class period November 6, 1997 to November 6, 2000. The complaint sought rescission of the purchase of shares of the Company's Common Stock or alternatively, unspecified compensatory damages, along with costs and expenses including attorney's fees.The original complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between December 7, 1999 and November 6, 2000, thereby artificially inflating the price of Del Global securities. Specifically, on November 6, 2000, Del Global announced that its net income for the fiscal year ending July 29, 2000 would be "substantially lower than its net income for Fiscal 1999" and that it would delay the filing with the SEC of its Form 10-K for its Fiscal Year 2000. The Company further announced that it will most likely revise its fiscal 2000 quarterly results and "is currently conducting a review to determine if it will also be required to restate Fiscal 1999 results." Following this announcement, on November 6, 2000, the NASDAQ Stock Exchange announced a halt in the trading of the common stock of Del Global.
   				

           			According to the Co-Lead Counsel's web site, on September 10, 2004, the parties entered into a Stipulation of Settlement (the "Stipulation") to settle the claims against the Defendants in both Actions. Pursuant to the terms of the proposed settlement, as described more fully in the Stipulation, which is subject to Court approval, a Settlement Fund in the amount of $6,300,000, to be paid by Defendants' insurers, plus interest that accrues on the Fund prior to distribution, will be created for the benefit of the classes described above. On September 13, 2004, the parties filed the Stipulation along with a Motion for Preliminary Approval of the proposed settlement with the Court. On September 22, 2004, Judge Tauro signed an Order granting Preliminary Approval of the proposed settlement. A hearing (the "Settlement Fairness Hearing") to determine, among other things, whether the proposed settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate was held on November 22, 2004 and Judge Tauro granted Final Approval of the Settlement that same day.According to the same web site, investors initially sued Nx Networks, Inc., formerly known as Netrix Corp., for stock fraud in a federal class action lawsuit, Rees v. Holley, filed on September 13, 2000 in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The lawsuit seeks damages on behalf of all persons and entities who purchased or otherwise acquired Nx Networks or Netrix Corp. common stock from December 8, 1999 through and including April 24, 2000 and names as Defendants the Company, the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and the former Chief Operating Officer and President of Nx Networks. The class action charges Defendants with violating Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.  Specifically, the complaint alleges, among other things, that Defendants issued false and misleading press releases and other statements regarding the availability of the Company's products, and that the Company's reported financial results overstated revenues and profitability during the Class Period in a scheme to artificially inflate the value of Nx Networks' and Netrix's common stock. More specifically, the complaint alleges that Defendants stated that Nx Networks' new Series 3000 product-line would begin shipping during the first quarter of 2000, knowing and/or recklessly disregarding the misleading nature of the statement. This complaint also alleges that Defendants further misled investors by stating that Nx Networks had already booked $9.8 million by February 22, 2000; that the Company had booked only a small fraction of that amount as of that date; and ultimately booked $8.9 million in revenue for the entire quarter. On November 27, 2000, a separate action but related action, Werbowski v. Nx Networks, Inc., C. A. No. 00-1967-A, was filed in the Eastern District of Virginia, and was transferred to United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts on February 16, 2001 under C. A. No. 01-10377-JLT. This complaint names as Defendants the Company, the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and the Company's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and alleges that Defendants misled investors with respect to the Company's financial statements for the second quarter of 2000. This Complaint alleges violations of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") claiming that Defendants had prematurely and improperly booked revenue for products that they had neither manufactured nor shipped before the close of the quarter. The complaint also points to Nx Networks' restatement of their financial results for that quarter, decreasing reported revenues from $10.4 to $8.4 million, in support of its claim that the Defendants made false statements. This action was filed on behalf of persons who purchased or acquired shares of Nx Networks or Netrix Corp. common stock from July 27, 2000 through and including November 2, 2000.By an Order dated January 29, 2001, the Court consolidated cases related to the Rees Action into one class action lawsuit entitled In re Nx Networks, Inc. Securities Litigation (Rees Plaintiffs), C. A. No. 00-CV-11850-JLT (the "Rees Action"), and appointed Lead Plaintiffs and Berman DeValerio as one of two Co-Lead Counsel. On May 4, 2001, Lead Plaintiffs in the Rees Action filed their Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint (the "Rees Complaint"), which names as Defendants the Company and the Company's Chairman and CEO. Plaintiffs in the Werbowski Action filed their First Amended Class Action Complaint (the "Werbowski Complaint") the same day. On May 8, 2001, the Court appointed Lead Plaintiffs and Lead Counsel and Berman DeValerio as Liaison Counsel in the Werbowski Action. On June 8, 2001, Defendants moved to dismiss in their entirety both the Rees and Werbowski Complaints. Defendants thereafter filed a motion to consolidate the Rees and Werbowski Actions. On October 11, 2001, after briefing and oral argument, the Court denied Defendants' Motions to Dismiss. On or about November 5, 2001, Nx Networks filed for protection under Chapter 11 in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The Bankruptcy Court issued a final order approving Nx Networks' plan of liquidation on September 18, 2002. Accordingly, Lead Plaintiffs dismissed Nx Networks from the Rees and Werbowski Actions on May 6, 2003. On November 13, 2003, the parties appeared before the Court for a status conference. On that same day, the Court granted Plaintiffs' motion to reopen and restore the Actions to the active docket, and ordered that the parties would be permitted to conduct discovery for six months, before a June 15, 2004 trial date. Immediately following the Status Conference, the parties undertook discovery, serving subpoenas for third-party discovery beginning December 1, 2003. Defendants then deposed each of Lead Plaintiffs. Plaintiffs noticed depositions for the Defendants. On December 29, 2003, Defendants filed answers in both cases denying liability and denying the Plaintiffs' allegations. As a result of the discovery discussed above, Lead Plaintiffs' Counsel reviewed tens of thousands of pages of documents, including Nx Networks' public filings, press releases and other public statements and interviewed witnesses. On March 26, 2004, the parties participated in Mediation with the Honorable Nicholas Politan, which resulted in an agreement in principle to settle the Actions on May 25, 2004.
   				

           			By the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Elizabeth A. Kovachevich, the Stipulation as set forth in the Stipulation of Settlement is approved, and the case is dismissed.  Parties settled for $3 million dollars and the judged awarded plaintiffs' counsel 30% or the settlement amount ($900,000) plus $191,524 in expenses reimbursement.According to Paradyne Networks, Inc.'s 10-Q filing for the quarterly period ended October 31, 2003, on October 14, 2003, the parties filed a notice with the Court that they had reached an agreement to settle the Florida Securities Actions. In exchange for a payment of $3 million, the plaintiff class has agreed to release the Defendants and dismiss the Florida Securities Actions. Defendants admitted no liability in making this settlement. The settlement is subject to the following conditions: execution of Stipulation of Settlement, preliminary approval by the Court of the terms of the Settlement, notice to the plaintiff class of the terms of the settlement and an opportunity to opt out of the settlement, funding by the Defendants’ insurer, and final approval by the Court.The original complaint charges that, throughout the Class Period, defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations that artificially inflated the price of Paradyne common stock.  For example, on August 14, 2000, a little more than thirty business days before to the disclosure of the Company's true financial condition, defendants filed a quarterly report on Form 10-Q signed by both defendants May and Murphy, which reiterated the Company's second quarter 2000 financial results.  There was mention in the Management's Discussion and Analysis section of the Form 10-Q of any of the problems then allegedly facing the Company, including a lack of customer demand for the Company's products.  On September 28, 2000, defendants shocked the market by revealing that, contrary to the repeated class-period statements touting "record" growth and financial performance, third quarter results would be significantly lower than previously estimated, due to "reduced shipments to a few network service provider customers."  The Company's press release also revealed that Paradyne expects results in the fourth quarter of 2000 and calendar 2001 to be impacted by these changes.  In response to the news, Paradyne stock plummeted 42%, from $10 on September 27, 2000, to slightly over $5 on September 28, 2000, after the news was revealed, on unusually high trading volumes of over 7 million shares.
   				

           			On September 5, 2007 the judge entered a Final Order and Judgment approving the settlement and dismissing all claims against the defendants with prejudice.  According to the firm's quarterly report dated February 2007, insurance will provide complete coverage for the settlement.  Plaintiffs' attorneys were awarded fees and expenses totaling $2,246,042.  Shortly thereafter, the United States Court of Appeals entered their order voluntarily dismissing a previous appeal to class certification in light of the settlement.According to a press release dated May 29, 2007, a settlement in the amount of $5,500,000 has been submitted for approval to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts in a class action lawsuit alleging violations of section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. All persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the common stock of PolyMedica Corp. ("PolyMedica") during the period between October 26, 1998, and December 31, 2000, may be eligible to participate in the settlement. A hearing will be held before the Honorable William G. Young, John Joseph Moakley United States Courthouse, 1 Courthouse Way, Boston, MA 02210, at 2:00 p.m., on September 5, 2007, to determine whether the proposed settlement should be approved by the Court as fair, reasonable, and adequate, and to consider the application of Lead Counsel for attorneys' fees and reimbursement of expenses.According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2006, on or about October 24, 2006, the parties reached an agreement in principle to settle the matter. The settlement covers the class as certified, is expected to be paid by insurance, and is subject to court approval and potential appeal. Defendants have not yet filed an opposition to the motion for reconsideration as a result of the agreement regarding settlement. On or about October 31, 2006, the parties filed a joint motion to stay proceedings in the First Circuit Court of Appeals.In a press release dated October 5, 2006, on 28 September 2006, the Honorable Judge Young denied class certification for a proposed shareholder class during a "disputed period" in the PolyMedica Securities Litigation. This case was closely watched by the securities bar, as it had previously been sent to the First Circuit Court of Appeals, which issued a ruling differentiating "informational efficiency" from "fundamental efficiency" and remanding the case to the district court. In applying the new standards, the district court agreed with the conclusion presented by NERA Senior Vice President Dr. Frederick Dunbar that one of the key arguments by the plaintiffs' expert in favor of information efficiency -- that the stock price responded to news -- was fundamentally flawed because the plaintiffs' expert only looked at selected days with large stock price movements rather than making a comparison of price movements on days with news and days without news. The district court further credited Dr. Dunbar's testimony that the high cost of short selling, violations of put-call parity, and serial correlation in PolyMedica's stock price returns weighed strongly against a finding of market efficiency.According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2006, on February 23, 2006, plaintiffs filed a motion in the District Court to re-certify the class for the period from January 2001 through August 2001, which the defendants opposed. On March 23, 2006, the Court held an evidentiary hearing relating to class certification and on March 31, 2006 the Court heard oral argument regarding class certification. The Court took the motion under advisement. Discovery is ongoing in the underlying suit. The case is currently scheduled for trial in April 2007.As summarized by the same SEC filing, on July 30, 2001, the Court granted the plaintiffs’ motion to consolidate the complaints under the caption In re: PolyMedica Corp. Securities Litigation, Civ. Action No. 00-12426-REK. Plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint on October 9, 2001. The consolidated amended complaint extended the class period to October 26, 1998 through August 21, 2001, and named as defendants PolyMedica, Liberty, and certain former officers of PolyMedica. Defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint on December 10, 2001. Plaintiffs filed their opposition to this motion on February 11, 2002, and defendants filed a reply memorandum on March 11, 2002. The Court denied the motion without a hearing on May 10, 2002. On June 20, 2002, defendants filed answers to the consolidated amended complaint. On January 28, 2004, plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification to which defendants filed an opposition on February 27, 2004. Plaintiffs filed a reply memorandum on April 12, 2004 followed by additional briefing by the parties. The Court heard oral argument on the motion on June 2, 2004. On September 8, 2004, the court allowed the plaintiffs’ motion and certified the class. On September 21, 2004, the defendants filed a petition requesting that they be permitted to appeal the decision to the First Circuit Court of Appeals. The plaintiffs filed a response to the defendants’ petition on October 7, 2004 opposing defendants’ request to appeal the class certification. Also on October 7, 2004, the Court stayed sending notice of the class action pending a ruling on defendants’ appeal of class certification. On February 15, 2005, the First Circuit Court of Appeals granted defendants’ petition for leave to appeal the class certification decision. Defendants-appellants filed their brief on March 15, 2005, and plaintiffs-appellees filed an opposition on April 15, 2005. Defendants-appellants filed a reply brief on April 25, 2005. The First Circuit Court of Appeals heard oral argument on May 4, 2005 and took the matter under advisement. On December 13, 2005, the First Circuit Court of Appeals rendered a decision in defendants-appellants’ favor and entered an order vacating the District Court’s order certifying the class for the period from January 2001 through August 2001 and remanded the matter for further proceedings in the District Court consistent with its opinion.The original complaint alleges that the defendants violated section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act, by issuing materially false or misleading statements concerning PolyMedica’s billing and marketing practices. The complaint alleges that these statements were false and misleading because defendants knew, or recklessly disregarded, that PolyMedica, through its Liberty Medical Supply division, was engaging in billing and marketing practices that do not comply with federal Medicare reimbursement regulations, including shipping diabetes testing supplies to customers without prior authorization or proper supporting documentation, in direct contradiction of a 1998 regulation banning such practices. The complaint further alleges that defendants’ actions artificially inflated the price of PolyMedica common stock during the Class Period. 
   				

           			On July 20, 2005, a Final Approval Hearing was held to determine, among other things, whether the proposed settlement should be approved as fair, reasonable and adequate. That same day, the Court issued a Final Judgment and Order granting final approval of the settlement.Earlier, on May 21, 2001, the Court consolidated the two related shareholder suits into one class action lawsuit entitled In re Twinlab Corp. Securities Litigation and appointed Lead Plaintiffs and their choice of Lead Counsel. Lead Plaintiffs filed an Amended Consolidated Complaint on October 19, 2001, which Defendants moved to dismiss on April 25, 2002. Prior to a ruling on Defendants’ motion, the parties agreed to settle the claims against the Defendants. Pursuant to the terms of the proposed settlement, described more fully in the Stipulation of Settlement filed with the Court on June 20, 2005, a Settlement Fund in the amount of $3,000,000 will be created for the benefit of the following class, certified by the Court on June 23, 2005 for purposes of the settlement: all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired Twinlab common stock and/or call options to purchase such shares during the period April 27, 1999 through and including November 15, 2000. The complaint alleges that Twinlab improperly recorded sales as revenues prior to the shipment of its products in violation of generally accepted accounting principles and Twinlab's own accounting policies. The complaint further alleged that Twinlab's accounting manipulations were designed to artificially inflate the price of its common stock in order for the company and its officers and directors to benefit from a large public offering on April 8, 1998. The plaintiffs initiated the lawsuit in December 2, 1998 and filed an amended complaint on May 14, 1999. The defendants moved to dismiss the case on November 4, 1999. The motion was granted in part and denied in part. The defendants proceeded to file answers to the complaint in August and September of 2000. Ultimately, on March 9, 2001 Twinlab announced that that it had reached an agreement in principle to settle the suit.
   				

           			According to the latest docket posted, on November 30, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal from the District Court’s November 21, 2001 decision order granting the motion to dismiss the plaintiffs' second amended complaint with prejudice.  The appeal was dismissed by the appellants and on December 27, 2002, the Court entered the certified copy of the Order from the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals terminating the appeal.As previously reported by the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2001, in March and April 2000, three class action complaints were filed against the Company and certain of its officers and directors, alleging violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The United States District Court for the Northern District of California consolidated these complaints into one lawsuit in August 2000. The plaintiffs seek to act on behalf of purchasers of Autodesk common stock during the period between September 14, 1998 and May 4, 1999 and are seeking unspecified damages. On November 14, 2000 the Court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss the lawsuit, allowing the plaintiffs to amend their complaint. The plaintiffs filed an amended complaint and the Company has filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. The original complaint charges Autodesk and certain of its officers and directors and its investment banker with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On August 20, 1998, Autodesk announced the Discreet Logic, Inc. (Discreet Logic) acquisition in which it would issue .525 shares of Autodesk stock for each of the 31 million shares of Discreet Logic stock outstanding, i.e., 16.3 million shares. Autodesk revealed that it would also have to sell three million new shares of stock to the public at the time of the Discreet Logic acquisition in order to use "pooling" accounting. The complaint alleges that to push Autodesk stock higher, Autodesk, its top officers and their investment banker/financial advisor made very positive but false statements about strong continuing demand for Autodesk's existing AutoCAD R14 product line, strong demand for all its products in Europe, Autodesk's successful diversification of its business due to the strong sales of its vertical products resulting in lessened dependence on its AutoCAD product line and thus the elimination of the AutoCAD "boom/bust" cycle, the successful development and testing and accelerated commercial release of its new R15/AutoCAD 2000 product, the beneficial impact of Autodesk VIP upgrade program, the lack of any negative impact on Autodesk's business due to Y2K issues, plus the limited dilutive impact of Autodesk's acquisition of Discreet Logic, all of which would result in Autodesk achieving F00 (to end January 31, 2000) revenues of $1+ billion, earnings per share ("EPS") of 2.55 and 20%-25% yearly EPS growth during F99-F01. These representations artificially inflated the price of Autodesk stock to a Class Period high of $49-7/16 in January 1999. This more than 100% upsurge in Autodesk's stock price not only enabled Autodesk to successfully complete the Discreet Logic acquisition in March 1999, but to sell three million new Autodesk shares to the public at $41 per share for over $120 million. But then on May 4, 1999, Autodesk revealed that its F00 results were, in fact, going to be much worse than earlier forecast due to poor sales of R15/AutoCAD 2000 and weak sales in Europe. Autodesk's stock immediately collapsed, falling by almost 25% in one day to $22-1/4 and later to as low as $19-3/4.
   				

           			According to a press release dated April 20, 2004, a federal judge entered a Final Judgment And Order approving settlement and dismissal with prejudice of  the consolidated securities class action lawsuit filed against the company and several of its past and present officers and directors. Under the terms of the settlement, all claims against the Company have now been dismissed without admission of liability or wrongdoing. The shareholder class is receiving a cash payment of $19.2 million.On March 8, 2001, the Court issued an Order appointing Lead Plaintiff and approving Lead Counsel in this Action. On March 29, 2001, a Consolidated and Amended Class Action Complaint was filed. On November 2, 2001, after a briefing by the parties, the Court issued an Order denying in part and granting in part Defendants’ motion to dismiss the Action. The Court sustained the claim relating to Turkcell’schurn rate but dismissed plaintiffs’ claim concerning non-disclosure of Turkcell’s second quarter 2000 results in the Prospectus. On February 6, 2004, Lead Plaintiff and Defendants entered into a Stipulation of Settlement settling the claims against Defendants for $19,200,000.This purported class action lawsuit was initiated in the United States DistrictCourt for the Southern District of New York against Turkcell and two of its past and present officers and directors on November 22, 2000. The lawsuit commenced accusing the defendants of misleading the investing public in registration statements filed with the SEC prior to the offering. Specifically, the complaint says Turkcell’s prospectus said it was losing customers at a rate of less than 0.1% a year when the true rate was at least 30 times greater than that.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2002, the plaintiffs filed an appeal from the dismissal order and subsequently voluntarily dismissed their appeal, which ended the case.As previously reported by the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2002, the complaint was consolidated with other subsequent complaints into a single proceeding. The complaints relate to the period between October 27, 1999 and October 10, 2000 and primarily allege that we made false projections about the Company’s financial performance in 2000. The complaints seek an unspecified amount of damages plus attorneys’ fees. A consolidated class action complaint was filed on April 23, 2001. On April 18, 2002, the court dismissed the Russ case against the Company with prejudice. The plaintiffs filed an appeal from the dismissal order on May 16, 2002.The original complaint charges PacifiCare and certain of its officers, directors and one of its largest shareholders with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that PacifiCare's interim results were false and materially misstated due to its failure to properly record medical expenses, particularly its under-accrual of incurred but not reported costs ("IBNR"). In order to inflate the price of PacifiCare's stock, defendants caused the Company to falsely report its results for Q3 1999, Q4 1999, Q1 2000 and Q2 2000 by misstating its results through its deliberate under-accrual of medical expenses and its reserves for doubtful accounts receivable, all of which resulted in artificially inflating PacifiCare's earnings per share ("EPS"). The complaint further alleges that defendants misrepresented that the revenues PacifiCare was reporting were consistent with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"), which, together with defendants' false representations that PacifiCare would post Q3 EPS of $1.90, operated to artificially inflate the price of PacifiCare stock to a Class Period high of $72-5/16 on June 16, 2000. While PacifiCare's shares were inflated, defendants sold approximately $50,000,000 worth of PacifiCare stock. On October 10, 2000, PacifiCare revealed that it was in fact suffering a huge decline in revenues, was not posting EPS growth as earlier represented, and contrary to defendants' repeated assurances, PacifiCare was forced to reveal the problems it had been experiencing during the Class Period in attempting to grow its business. This announcement caused its stock price to drop to as low as $14-5/8 (or over $18 per share) on record volume of 5.6 million shares on October 11, 2000, causing tens of millions of dollars in damages to members of the Class.
   				













           			According to Gateway, Inc.'s SEC 10-Q filing for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2003, the parties and insurance carriers reached a $10.25 million settlement in which the Company denied all allegations and did not admit any liability. The settlement was funded entirely by the Company's insurance carriers and was approved by the court on September 9, 2002.Additionally, the SEC filing said that on July 16, 2001, the complaints were consolidated and amended to allege among other things that the defendants misrepresented Gateway's financial performance in securities filings and in statements to the public. On September 13, 2001, defendants filed a motion to dismiss. On February 1, 2002, the court entered an order granting the defendants' motion to dismiss, but allowed the plaintiffs to file an amended complaint.The original complaint charges Gateway and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically, on October 12, 2000, Gateway reported its Q3 2000 financial results. The complaint alleges that these results were materially false and misleading as defendants failed to write down Gateway's impaired assets in order to inflate Gateway's financial results. Thereafter, defendants issued a series of allegedly false and misleading statements concerning the company's business and its prospects for Q4 2000. The complaint charges that defendants actually knew that Gateway's business was faltering, that is Q3 results were false, and that its Q4 results would show no growth and would devastate Gateway's share price. Despite this actual knowledge, defendants claimed that Gateway would achieve EPS growth of almost 50% in Q4 and even went so far as to claim that Gateway shares were significantly undervalued. On November 29, 2000, defendants admitted Gateway would not achieve Q4 growth of almost 50% but instead would report potential losses and absolutely no growth at all. Defendants' release also revealed that Gateway would take a $200 million charge for impairment in Q4. In reality, most of this write-down should have been taken in Q3. The market reaction to the news was devastating. In minutes, Gateway lost several billion dollars of market capitalization resulting in losses to thousands of Gateway shareholders, as Gateway's stock price declined from $31 to $19 in two days, on huge volume of 23.2 million shares.
   				

           			According to the docket, on April 11, 2003, the Court entered the Order signed by U.S. District Judge Jed S. Rakoff denying the plaintiffs' motion for reconsideration of the Court's order dismissing the complaint with prejudice.As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2002, n December 13, 2000, a class action lawsuit was filed against Razorfish and certain officers of the corporation in the Southern District of New York. An additional 12 identical actions have since been filed, and all suits have been consolidated in the Southern District. The suits allege violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “1934 Act”), and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder based on alleged false statements made in Razorfish’s public disclosures concerning the integration of i-Cube, a company acquired by Razorfish in 1999. On September 26, 2001, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (“SDNY”) granted with prejudice Razorfish’s motion to dismiss the consolidated securities class action. Plaintiffs are seeking reconsideration of this decision. The original complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder by issuing materially false and misleading financial information regarding the Company's condition and prospects. Specifically, the complaint charges that during the class period, defendants repeatedly misrepresented that (I) Razorfish was successfully integrating its recent acquisitions, particularly International Integrated Incorporated ("I-Cube"); (ii) Razorfish was achieving sharp earnings and revenue growth due to internal growth when in fact it was due to accretion of revenues and earnings from recent acquisitions; and (iii) Razorfish was not subject to material currency fluctuations because it did not repatriate revenue from its European operations. The dissemination of this materially misleading information caused Razorfish's common stock to be artificially inflated throughout the class period. Certain company insiders took advantage of the artificially inflated stock price to dump approximately $12.7 million of their own shares on unsuspecting investors.
   				



           			According to a press release dated June 8, 2005, the court has approved the settlement of class action claims brought against Deutsche Telekom AG (“DT”), its former CEO and several of its underwriters for $120 million in cash. The settlement covers claims brought on behalf of all purchasers of DT shares in the form of American Depositary Shares (ADSs) from June 19, 2000 through February 21, 2001 (the “Class”). The Class includes the purchasers of ADSs in DT's June 2000 public offering, and all purchasers of ADSs in the secondary market during the following eight month period. The settlement represents among the largest class action recoveries for aggrieved securities holders.In a press release dated January 29, 2005, Deutsche Telekom AG (DT) Saturday said that it has, expressly without conceding any wrongdoing, entered into a stipulation to settle all claims that have been asserted against it in the US securities class action litigation pending in the US District Court for the Southern District of New York, including all pending shareholder claims related to DT's public share offering in June 2000. Pursuant to the agreement, which requires approval by the US court, DT will pay US$120 million - about EUR92.2 million. DT expects a significant portion of this amount to be covered under existing D&O insurance policies. The original action alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and alleges that the Registration and Prospectus contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions. Defendants were issuers of, sellers of or underwriters of the sale of ADSs sold pursuant to the Registration and Prospectus. The complaint alleges that the Registration and Prospects were materially false and/or misleading because they failed to disclose material facts that were required to be disclosed. These material facts were, among others that (a) by the effective date of the offering on June 17, 2000, the Company was in the very advanced stages of merger negotiations with VoiceStream, a telecommunications start up company with just 2.3 million subscribers and (b) during the year 2000, up until the effective date of the stock offering, Deutsche Telekom's profits had been significantly negatively impacted by increasing costs incurred in competing for mobile phone customers. The complaint alleges that on or about July 24, 2000, Deutsche Telekom publicly announced its planned $50.7 billion takeover of VoiceStream. On news of the announcement, the Company's shares declined almost seven points to $44 3/4 per share. On July 28, 2000, Deutsche Telekom announced a 26 percent fall in profits for the first half of the year and attributed the decline, in part, to the cost of competing for mobile phone customers.
   				





           			According to a press release dated February 10, 2005, Foundry Networks(R), Inc. announced that plaintiffs have voluntarily dismissed their appeal of the judgment rendered in favor of Foundry Networks and certain of its officers in the shareholder class action entitled In re Foundry Networks Securities Litigation, pending in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. As previously reported in the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2003, in December 2000, several similar shareholder class action lawsuits were filed against Foundry and certain of its officers in the United States Court for the Northern District of California, following Foundry’s announcement of its anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2000. The lawsuits were subsequently consolidated by the District Court, under the caption In re Foundry Networks, Inc. Securities Litigation, Master File No. C-00-4823-MMC, lead plaintiffs were selected as required by law and such plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint which alleged violations of federal securities laws and purported to seek damages on behalf of a class of shareholders who purchased Foundry’s common stock during the period from September 7, 2000 to December 19, 2000. The Company then brought the first of four successful motions to dismiss the complaint. However, while the District Court granted each of the motions, it also provided plaintiffs leave to amend the complaint. On August 29, 2003 (after 4 prior dismissals with leave to amend) the District Court granted the Company motion to dismiss the case with prejudice and without leave to amend and, on September 2, 2003, entered judgment in favor of the Company, dismissing the plaintiff’s Fifth Amended Complaint. On September 29, 2003 plaintiff filed a Notice of Appeal of the judgment with the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which has directed plaintiff to file its appeal brief by January 15, 2004The original complaint stated that the company and certain of its officers and directors violated the federal securities laws by concealing and misrepresenting the problems it was experiencing due to the problems many of its customers were having raising money and the impact this was causing and would cause on Foundry's future revenue growth. The complaint alleges Foundry concealed this information so that the individual defendants could sell additional shares of their Foundry stock before the bottom fell out of Foundry's stock price. Thus, according to the complaint, defendants made positive but false statements about Foundry's business and future revenues during October and November 2000, artificially inflating the price of the company's stock during the class period.




           			According to a press release dated May 20, 2004, Maxim Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced that the Plaintiff in the Company's federal class action securities complaint has dropped their appeal of the court's previous dismissal of the action, ending the litigation. On December 14, 2000, the plaintiff Blake Martin, on behalf of himself and purportedly on behalf of a class of similarly situated stockholders, filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California against Maxim and certain officers of Maxim, alleging that the defendants violated the federal securities laws by purportedly issuing false and misleading statements to the securities markets. In December 2003, the United States Federal Court granted Maxim's motion to dismiss the lawsuit with prejudice and without leave to amend, which was the third dismissal entered by the court in the case. Thereafter, the Plaintiff filed an appeal of the dismissal with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. That appeal has been dropped, ending the litigation in favor of the Company. As previously reported by the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarter Ended June 30, 2003, approximately fourteen similar complaints were filed in the Southern District.  The Southern District complaints have been consolidated into a single action.  No discovery has been conducted.  The Company successfully brought motions to dismiss the consolidated complaint and a second amended complaint.  The plaintiff then filed a third amended complaint, and the Company’s motion to dismiss the third amended complaint is currently under consideration by the court.  The original complaint charges Maxim and certain of its officers with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that during the class period, the company's leading drug candidate was Maxamine, a drug to facilitate an immune system mechanism to achieve full anti-tumor and anti-infection potential. Subject to FDA approval, this drug was set to launch in early 2001. Defendants' alleged false and misleading statements about the effectiveness of its Maxamine drug and the company's adherence to FDA protocol allowed Maxim to complete a follow-on public offering on 02/28/2000 at $55.00 and artificially inflate its stock to a class period high of $79.50 on 03/01/2000. Maxim sold 3.2 million shares of its stock at as high as $55 for $165 million in proceeds so as to provide it with ample monies to make a large acquisition and fund its operations.The complaint further alleges that on or around 12/12/2000, information regarding Maxim's testing began to become public, including that Maxim had been concealing a materially negative communication from the FDA suggesting that FDA approval of Maxamine would be impossible. Based on this disclosure, Maxim's stock price dropped to as low as $9-1/4. Public investors who invested based on Maxim's representations about its compliance with FDA regulations and the effectiveness of its drug Maxamine, and thus paid as high as $79.50 per share for Maxim's stock during the class period, suffered millions in damages.
   				

           			According to a news article in Reuters, Network Associates, Inc. announced that it had agreed to settle the suit for $70 million. The settlement is subject to completion of final settlement documentation and court approval following notice to members of the class and an opportunity for class members to object. The original complaint alleges that Network Associates and certain of its officers and directors violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by making a series of materially false and misleading statements concerning the company's financial results during the class period.
   				







           			On July 10, 2002, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment by Judge John W. Lungstrum.  According to the Order and Final Judgment, on July 9, 2002, a hearing was held to determine (1) whether this action should be certified as a class action for the purposes of settlement; (2) whether the terms and conditions of the Stipulation of Settlement dated as of 7/22/02 are fair, reasonable and adequate; (3) whether judgment should be entered dismissing the complaint on the merits with prejudice in favor of the defendant and against all persons or entities who are members of the Class certified in the Preliminary Approval Order; (4) whether and in what amount to award attorneys' fees and (5) whether to approve the Plan of Allocation as a fair and reasonable method to allocate settlement proceeds; this action is certified as class action for the purposes of settlement only; the terms of the Stipulation and settlement are approved as fair and reasonable; this action is dismissed on the merits with prejudice, each party to bear his/its own costs, except as provided in the Stipulation.In a press release dated February 4, 2002, Atchison Casting Corp. (FDY) agreed to settle the consolidated securities class action suit filed against it. In a press release Monday, the maker of iron, steel and non-ferrous castings said the settlement calls for the establishment of a $1.8 million settlement fund, to be paid by its insurance carrier. All claims relating to the suit will be dismissed without any admission of liability or wrongdoing. An Atchison spokesman said the lawsuit, which consolidated five shareholder lawsuits, alleged securities fraud.The original complaint charges Atchison and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Atchison manufactures highly engineered metal castings and forgings that are used in a wide variety of products, including cars and trucks, and gas, steam and hydroelectric turbines. The complaint alleges that on Nov. 2 and 3, 2000, in a series of announcements, Atchison announced that: (i) the CFO of its Pennsylvania plant had been terminated; and (ii) it was conducting a formal investigation into its revenue recognition practices in order to determine whether certain overstatements of its revenues were done "deliberate[ly]." Then on Dec. 21, 2000, Atchison stated that its past 5 years of financial reports were false.
   				

           			A Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal was entered on January 23, 2009 finalizing the settlement and resolving the lawsuit.  Plaintiff attorneys were awarded 25% of the $30 million settlement and reimbursement of expenses in the amount of $1,586,897.98 plus interest.Hearings on the motion to dismiss were held in September 2007 when parties also reached a preliminary settlement agreement.  As a result, the judge denied as moot the pending motions to dismiss, allowing them to be refiled in the event a settlement was not consummated.  However, parties filed motions for settlement on December 31, 2007.  The settlement was preliminarily approved on September 30, 2008.  The agreement stipulates that Bridgestone will pay $30 million to the class in exchange for dismissal of all claims.According to the latest docket posted, on May 3, 2006, the Court entered the Memorandum and Opinion and Order signed by U.S. District Judge Robert Echols granting in part and denying the defendants’ motion to dismiss.  On July 26, 2006, the plaintiffs filed a motion to certify the class.  On November 27, 2006, the defendant Bridgestone/Firestone, Inc. filed a motion to dismiss for lack of jurisdiction.On April 11, 2001, the Court entered the Order by Magistrate Judge Joe B. Brown granting the motion to consolidate related actions against Bridgestone Corp., et al. for violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  That same day, the Court also entered the Order granting the motion for order to appoint plaintiff City of Monroe Employees Retirement System as lead plaintiff and to approve lead plaintiff’s choice of counsel, Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP and Barrack Rodos & Bacine.  On May 11, 2001, a Consolidated Complaint was filed, and the defendants responded by filing motions to dismiss the Consolidated Complaint.  On October 1, 2002, the Court entered the Order by Judge Robert L. Echols granting deft Bridgestone/Firestone, Inc.'s motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim, denying in part and granting in part deft Bridgestone Corporation's motion to dismiss.  Specifically, the motion to dismiss for lack of jurisdiction was denied and the motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim was granted.  Further, the individuals defendants' motions to dismiss were granted, and the case was dismissed.  The plaintiffs filed a motion to alter judgment and for leave to amend the complaint.  On February 27, 2003, the Court entered the Order by Judge Robert L. Echol denying the plaintiffs’ motion.  On March 25, 2003, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal.  On June 15, 2005, the Court entered the Mandate from the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals affirming in part and reversing and remanding in part the Decision of the District Court.  The original complaint alleges that during the class period, Bridgestone and its U.S. subsidiary, Bridgestone/Firestone had knowledge of thousands of claims for and complaints concerning ATX tire failures, especially ATX tires manufactured at Bridgestone/Firestone's Decatur, Illinois, plant during and after a bitter 1994-1996 strike, due to design and manufacturing defects that resulted in over 2,200 rollover accidents, over 500 serious injuries and approximately 150 fatalities by 2000. Nevertheless, according to the complaint, Bridgestone made false and misleading statements about the effectiveness and integrity of its product design, testing and manufacturing processes and the quality and safety of its products.
   				







           			According to the Notice of Settlement, the parties reached an agreement in principle to settle the litigation. The proposed settlement creates a fund in the amount of $2,615,000 in cash (the "Settlement Fund") and will include interest that accrues on the fund prior to distribution. Depending on the number of eligible shares purchased by Settlement Class Members who elect to participate in the settlement and when those shares were purchased and sold, the estimated average recovery per share will be approximately $0.52 before deduction of Court-approved fees and expenses.If the settlement is approved by the Court, counsel for the plaintiffs will apply to the Court for attorneys' fees of 25% of the Settlement Fund, or $653,750, and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses not to exceed $180,000 to be paid from the Settlement Fund. If the amount requested is approved by the Court, the average cost per share will be $0.165.The original complaint charges M&A and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. M&A operates and develops Internet and technology related companies. The complaint alleges that to portray the Company as a financially viable Internet play, during the Class Period the individual defendants caused M&A to issue false financial results and make false statements about its results, causing its stock to trade at artificially inflated levels. By the spring of 2000, the individual defendants were anxious to see M&A participate in the Internet stock boom and to finish their audit, the consummation of which would assist the defendants in obtaining approval for the Boston Stock Exchange and NASDAQ Small Cap Market listing. To do this, defendants determined it was essential they report favorable financial results to be seen as a financially viable Internet play. As a result of the defendants' alleged false statements, M&A's stock price traded at inflated levels during the Class Period, increasing to as high as $8 in August 2000. Then on December 28, 2000, M&A admitted that its results for its quarter ended August 31, 2000 and year ended May 31, 2000, had been false. In fact, its previously reported revenues/EPS had been improperly recognized and were the result of fraudulent accounting entries. M&A shares now trade for just pennies per share.
   				

           			According to the docket, on February 25, 2002, the Fairness Hearing was held before U.S. District Judge Walker D. Miller.  Judge Miller signed the Order and Final Judgment, approving the settlement and dismissing the case with prejudice and without costs except as provided in the stipulation.  On July 24, 2003, the Court entered the Order granting the motions for distribution of the settlement and for an award of attorney fees and reimbursement of expenses.By the Notice Of Pendency Of Class Action, a Settlement Fund consisting of an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 in cash, plus interest, has been established.  Pursuant to Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and an Order of Court dated April 30, 2002, a hearing will be held before the Honorable Walker D. Miller in the United States Courthouse, 1929 Stout Street, Denver, Colorado 80294, at 1:30 p.m. on July 25, 2002 (the "Settlement Fairness Hearing") to determine whether a proposed settlement (the "Settlement") as set forth in the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement dated on or about March 6, 2002 (the "Stipulation"), is fair, reasonable and adequate, and to consider the proposed Plan of Allocation for the Settlement proceeds and the application of Plaintiffs' Counsel for attorneys' fees and reimbursement of expenses. By order dated April 30, 2002, the Court certified the Settlement Class for purposes of settlement only.On September 7, 2001, the plaintiff filed an Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint, and on October 22, 2001, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended consolidated class action complaint. On March 22, 2002, a Stipulation of Settlement was filed.The original complaint charges New Era of Networks, Inc. and certain of its officers with violations of Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by reason of material misrepresentations and omissions. The complaint alleges that certain officers and directors issued false and misleading statements concerning the Company's financial results for the third quarter 2000. The Company did not disclose during the Class Period, but later acknowledged in an SEC filing, that the record revenues and earnings reported for its third quarter 2000 resulted from the Company's practice of selling software to companies in exchange for equity in its customers and booking the sales as non-cash revenue. Disclosure of this previously concealed information caused the Company's stock to plummet over 50% on November 21, 2000.
   				







           			On October 20, 2006, the Court entered the Final Approval Order and Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum.  The settlement and the plan of allocation were approved.  On January 31, 2007, the Court entered the Order awarding attorney’s fees in the amount of $22,500,000 and $2,360,113.60 as reimbursement for expenses, the total amount to be paid from the settlement fund.According to the Notice of Proposed Settlement of Class Action dated June 26, 2006, a settlement hearing will be held on October 19, 2006 (the “Settlement Hearing”). The purpose of the Settlement Hearing will be: (1) to determine whether the Settlement consisting of One Hundred and Fifty Million Dollars ($150,000,000) in cash, plus accrued interest, should be approved as fair, just, reasonable, and adequate to Plaintiff and the Class (defined below); (2) to determine whether a final judgment (“Final Judgment” or “Judgment”), dismissing with prejudice the Action and releasing the Released Parties from all Released Claims against them, should be entered pursuant to the Settlement and the Stipulation; (3) to consider whether the proposed plan to distribute the settlement proceeds (the “Plan of Allocation”) is fair, reasonable, and adequate and should be approved; and (4) to consider whether the application by Plaintiff’s Lead Counsel for an award of attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses and the Lead Plaintiff’s request for reimbursement of its expenses (including lost wages) should be approved.As summarized by the same Notice, between November 2000 and January 2001, purchasers of AT&T Wireless Group tracking stock shares filed a number of class action lawsuits alleging violations of the federal securities laws against AT&T Corp. and the Defendants. The cases were transferred and consolidated for pretrial proceedings before the Honorable Garrett E. Brown, Jr., in the United States District Court, District of New Jersey, under the heading In re AT&T Corporation Securities Litigation (01 cv 1883). By an order dated December 19, 2001, the Court consolidated these actions for all purposes (collectively the “Action”); appointed the Soft Drink & Brewery Workers Union, Local 812 Retirement Fund as Lead Plaintiff pursuant to the requirements of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, 15 U.S.C. § 77z-1; and approved the Lead Plaintiff’s selection of Kirby McInerney & Squire, LLP as Plaintiff’s Lead Counsel. On February 15, 2002, Lead Plaintiff filed an amended and consolidated class action complaint (the “Complaint”). The Complaint alleged violations of §§ 11, 12 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, and §§ 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, arising from alleged misrepresentations and omissions from the April 26, 2000 Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) Prospectus for the AT&T Wireless tracking stock. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Complaint on March 25, 2002. On September 17, 2002, the Court granted in part and denied in part Defendants’ motion to dismiss the Complaint. Thereafter, Defendants filed an answer denying all material allegations of the Complaint and asserting defenses. Lead Plaintiff’s attorneys reviewed millions of pages of documents, took or defended more than 80 depositions, and made and opposed many motions. Plaintiff and Defendants both filed motions for summary judgment on March 2, 2004. On September 2, 2004, following full briefing, Judge Brown denied both motions. Thereafter, the case was transferred to Judge Miriam Cedarbaum of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York for trial. Trial was set to commence on April 19, 2006. At the time the Action was settled, many pretrial motions were pending. In January 2006 and through March 9, 2006, the parties conferred with Magistrate Judge (ret.) Edward A. Infante, an experienced mediator, about the possibility of settlement. Finally, on March 9, 2006, all parties accepted the mediator’s proposal to settle the case for $150,000,000. Judge Infante expressed his belief that the proposed settlement is reasonable and fair to the Settling Parties.The original complaint charges AT&T Corporation ("AT&T") and the underwriters of the AT&T Wireless Group Tracking Stock ("AT&T Wireless") with violations of Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933. Specifically, the complaint alleges that on April 26, 2000, AT&T and the other defendants issued a Registration Statement and Prospectus for the Tracking Stock which failed to disclose ongoing business problems at AT&T Wireless which were causing large corporate customers to be neglected and poorly served and resulting in a material downturn in revenue and future business prospects. Plaintiff and other similarly situated public investors purchased AT&T Wireless Group Tracking Stock without knowledge of these facts and have, as a result, sustained damages.
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on March 22, 2005, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Jose E. Martinez.  The settlement was approved and the case closed.In a press release dated January 20, 2005, Hamilton Bank shareholders have won an $8.5 million settlement in their class-action suit alleging executives of the now-shuttered Miami bank, its auditors and two Wall Street underwriters misled investors about future profits. Under the settlement agreement, shareholders of common stock and preferred shares would be awarded about 37 cents per share, with legal fees and costs taking up to 14 cents of the total, for an average payout of about 23 cents per share. The settlement, which must be approved by the federal court on Feb. 25, is the latest chapter in the shutdown of the local trade finance bank by federal regulators. Shareholders sued before the bank was closed, alleging that top officers, the auditors and underwriters made public announcements and filed misleading financial statements that overstated profits. The defendants have denied all the allegations. On April 30, 2001, the Court consolidated all related cases into one class action lawsuit, appointed a Lead Plaintiff and approved his selection of Co-Lead Counsel. On June 22, 2001 a Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint (the "Amended Complaint") was filed. On September 7, 2001 Defendants filed a Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint. On November 2, 2001, Lead Plaintiff submitted an opposition to Defendants' motion and on January 14, 2002 Judge Gold denied Defendants' motion. On February 27, 2002 Defendants filed their answer to the Amended Complaint. On April 15, 2002, Lead Plaintiff filed a motion for class certification, which was granted on March 13, 2003 by Judge Jose Martinez. On December 30, 2003 the Judge ordered all non-expert discovery to be completed by January 30, 2004 for a trial date that has been set for November 8, 2004. After conducting extensive pretrial discovery, the parties agreed to settle the lawsuit and on June 18, 2004 filed a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement and a motion for Preliminary Approval of the proposed settlement. Pursuant to the terms of the proposed settlement, a Settlement Fund in the amount of $8,477,500, including interest that accrues on the fund prior to distribution, has been established for the benefit of the Class.A similar class action filed on February 21, 2003, titled “Marshallville Packing et al. v. Hamilton Bancorp, Inc., et al.” was ordered consolidated with In re Hamilton Bancorp, Inc. Securities Litigation, and closed on March 19, 2004. The lawsuit filed in 2003 charges that defendants violated the federal securities laws by making material misrepresentations to the market between June 13, 2001 and January 11, 2002, that artificially inflated the price of Hamilton securities. The complaint alleges that Hamilton falsely told the marketplace that it was working diligently to meet the requirements  of the Office of Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), including meeting  required capital requirements and adopting proper credit administration  to safeguard the assets of Hamilton Bank, N.A., the Company's principal  subsidiary. In November 2001, the Company announced its third quarter results and told investors that the bank had revised certain processes to better estimate allowances for loan losses to satisfy the OCC's concerns. After the close of trading, on January 11, 2002, however, the OCC closed the bank because it had inadequate capital, a high level of bad loans and had concealed information from federal examiners. The FDIC was appointed receiver. According to the OCC, "the bank's reserve for loan losses and the method for calculating that reserve, was chronically inadequate." The OCC also concluded that the bank's board and management were not responsive to the OCC's efforts to address the bank's problems.The original complaint alleges that defendants violated the federal securities laws by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market during the class period, and as a result, the price of Hamilton securities were artificially inflated during that time. Specifically, the complaint alleges that the company repeatedly reported "record" financial results for the third quarter of 2000 and disclosed that its results were impacted by an increase in the provision for loan losses of $11.5 million, a write-down of an investment security of $4.3 million, and one-time provisioning for legal reserves of $3.3 million. The complaint charges that in response to this disclosure, the company's stock plummeted over 35%. The complaint further alleges that on 12/22/2000, after the close of the market, the company announced that it would be restating its previously reported financial results for fiscal years 1998, 1999 and a portion of fiscal 2000. In response to this announcement, on 12/26/2000, the next trading day, the price of Hamilton common stock traded at slightly over $6.50 per share, well below its class period high.
   				



           			According to the SourceForge Inc.’s (formerly VA Software Corporation) Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2007, in December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in the six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement. Plaintiffs have filed an amended complaint and filed a motion for class certification based on their amended allegations. It is uncertain whether there will be any revised or future settlement. As summarized by the VA Software Corporation's (formerly VA Linux Systems, Inc.) Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended January 31, 2006, the Company, two of its former officers (the "Former Officers"), and the lead underwriter in its initial public offering ("IPO") were named as defendants in a consolidated shareholder lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, captioned In re VA Software Corp. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 01-CV-0242. This is one of a number of actions coordinated for pretrial purposes as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92 with the first action filed on January 12, 2001. Plaintiffs in the coordinated proceeding are bringing claims under the federal securities laws against numerous underwriters, companies, and individuals, alleging generally that defendant underwriters engaged in improper and undisclosed activities concerning the allocation of shares in the IPOs of more than 300 companies during late 1998 through 2000. Among other things, the plaintiffs allege that the underwriters' customers had to pay excessive brokerage commissions and purchase additional shares of stock in the aftermarket in order to receive favorable allocations of shares in an IPO. The consolidated amended complaint in the Company's case seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of its common stock between December 9, 1999 and December 6, 2000. Pursuant to a tolling agreement, the individual defendants were dismissed without prejudice. On February 19, 2003, the court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the claims against it. The litigation is now in discovery. In June 2004, a stipulation of settlement and release of claims against the issuer defendants, including the Company, was submitted to the court for approval. The terms of the settlement if approved, would dismiss and release all claims against the participating defendants (including the Company). In exchange for this dismissal, D&O insurance carriers would agree to guarantee a recovery by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants of at least $1 billion, and the issuer defendants would agree to an assignment or surrender to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters. On August 31, 2005, the court confirmed preliminary approval of the settlement. The proposed settlement remains subject to a number of conditions, including receipt of final approval of the court. If the settlement does not occur, and litigation against the Company continues, the Company believes it has meritorious defenses and intends to defend the case vigorously.The original complaint alleges VA Linux systems, Inc. violated Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On 12/09/1999, Linux completed an initial public offering of 4.4 million shares of its common stock at an offering price of $30 per share. In connection with the IPO, Linux filed a registration statement, which incorporated a Prospectus with the SEC. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (I) Credit Suisse had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Credit Suisse allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Linux shares issued in connection with the Linux IPO; and (ii) Credit Suisse had entered into agreements with customers in which Credit Suisse agreed to allocate Linux shares to those customers in the Linux IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Linux shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices.
   				



           			According to the docket, on August 19, 2003, the Court entered the certified copy of the judgment of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.  The appeal was dismissed. The appellant failed to timely pay docketing fee.  The appellants motioned to reinstate the appeal, which was granted.  On April 1, 2005, the Court entered the certified copy of the Judgment from the Fifth Circuit.  According to the Judgment, it is ordered and adjudged that the judgment of the District Court is affirmed.  It is further ordered that appellants pay to appellees the costs on appeal to be taxed by the Clerk of the Court.On May 15, 2001, the Court entered the Orders consolidating the cases 1:00cv831, 1:01cv96 and 1:00cv776, and further granted the motions to appoint lead plaintiffs and lead counsel.  On June 4, 2001, the lead plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Class Action Complaint, and the defendants responded by filing a motion to dismiss the Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  On April 15, 2002, the Court entered the Order denying the motion to dismiss without prejudice to filing a motion for summary judgment.  On July 29, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification, which was denied by an Order entered on October 22, 2002.  On August 26, 2002, plaintiff Michael Avrutin filed notice of withdrawal as lead plaintiff. The plaintiffs filed a motion for reconsideration of the order denying class certification, which was later denied in an Order entered on December 18, 2002.   Further, the Court granted the motion for Milberg, Weiss, Bershad, Hynes & Lerach to withdraw as attorneys with regard to the still pending individual claims of the lead plaintiffs.  On January 17, 2003, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, or alternatively, for summary judgment.  On May 6, 2003, the Court entered the Order signed by Honorable Sam Sparks granting the defendants’ motion to dismiss.  Specifically, the Order dismissed without prejudice for lack of jurisdiction over the subject matter of the individual claims of Krim, Pinkowitz, J. Burke, G. Burke, Petrick and Beebe.  It was also ordered that defendants tender to Bret Beebe the sum of $14,625, plus interest at the rate of 1.25 percent per annum from January 15, 2003 until paid.  The case was closed.  On May 22, 2003, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal.Several cases were originally filed in state court and removed to federal district court.  The first case was Martens v. pcOrder.com, Inc., et al, case number 00-cv-00742, which was removed to federal court on November 17, 2000.  The case was later remanded back to the District Court of Travis County, Texas.  Another case, Stahl v. pcOrder.com, Inc., et al, case numberg 00-cv-00768, was remanded from state court to federal court on December 1, 2000, and then remanded back to the District Court of Travis County, Texas.  A third case Krim, et al v. pcOrder.com, Inc., et al, case number 00-cv-00776, was remanded from state to federal court on December 4, 2000, but the case remained in federal court.  Several class actions were consolidated into the Krim action, the court granted lead plaintiff and lead counsel, and, on June 4, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Class Action Complaint.The original complaint charges pcOrder, its controlling shareholder Trilogy Software, Inc. and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Act of 1933. The complaint alleges that during 1999, defendants issued and sold more than $206 million of pcOrder stock in its IPO and its December Offering. Thereafter, in connection with defendants' attempts to allow Trilogy to acquire all of pcOrder, defendants revealed facts confirming that the registration statements issued by defendants in connection with the IPO (the "March Registration Statement") and the December Offering (the "December Registration Statement") (collectively, the "Registration Statement") had been false when issued. The complaint alleges that Defendants have now admitted in filings made by them with Securities and Exchange Commission that the Registration Statements were false and misleading in that they failed to disclose that, contrary to defendants' statements in the Registration Statements, pcOrder did not possess: (i) a formal business plan to carry out the Company's so-called "strategy"; (ii) budget or expense controls; or (iii) an ability to report accurate operating information.
   				











           			According to the docket posted, on March 26, 2004, the Court entered the Mandate from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.  The judgment of the District Court was affirmed.Previously, on February 20, 2001, a Notice/Stipulation of Dismissal was filed as to party Intrenet, Inc.  On January 21, 2001, the Court entered the Order by Judge Sandra S. Beckwith granting the motions for appointment of lead plaintiffs and for approval of co-lead counsels.  On August 17, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a Consolidated First Amended Complaint against the remaining individual defendants and adding Arthur Andersen as a defendant.  On October 10, 2001, the defendants responded by filing a motion to dismiss the Amended Class Action Complaint.  On February 26, 2002, the Court entered the Order granting in part and denying in part the individual defendants' motion to dismiss and granting defendant Arthur Andersen's motion to dismiss. The action proceeded on plaintiffs’ Section 20(a) claims against the two individual defendants while dismissing party Arthur Andersen.  In May 2005, the plaintiffs filed a motion to certify as a class action, and the defendants filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings.  On July 17, 2002, the Court entered the Memorandum and Order and Judgment granting the defendants’ motion for judgment on the pleadings and denying as moot plaintiffs’ motion to certify as a class action. The case was terminated, but the plaintiffs soon after filed a notice of appeal.The original Complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing materially false and misleading statements to the market. On October 13, 2000, Intrenet announced that it was investigating certain accounting irregularities which could result in a restatement of the Company's 1998 financial statements, 1999 financial statements and its Form 10Qs, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, for the first and second quarters of 2000. The Company acknowledged that it may have overstated its net income by approximately $1.3 million and its earnings by approximately $0.09 per share in violation of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The Company also said that until the investigation is completed, its previously reported financial results for the affected periods should not be relied upon.
   				



           			The original complaint alleges that during the class period, Pre-Paid continually announced favorable earnings and growth in the number of 'associates' who sold its policies, when, in fact, many of its associates were no longer generating new business and were not repaying advances from the company and the company's earnings were manipulated and overstated by improperly capitalizing commission expenses and failing to write off uncollectible advances. As a result, Pre-Paid's stock traded at inflated levels during the class period, increasing to as high as $48.75 per share. On 01/17/2001, the Wall Street Journal published a story on Pre-Paid's accounting scheme. Upon these disclosures, Pre-Paid stock dropped to $20.00 per share.By Order dated May 15, 2001, the Court (i) consolidated several actions under the above caption; (ii) appointed Lead Plaintiffs for the Class; and (iii) appointed Co-Lead Counsel for the Class.On June 14, 2001, a Consolidated Amended Complaint (the “Complaint”) was filed. The Complaint asserted violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder against Pre- Paid, certain of its officers and directors, and for the first time also named Deloitte. Plaintiffs alleged that Pre-Paid, and certain of its officers and directors (collectively, the “Pre-Paid Defendants”), materially misstated Pre-Paid’s 1998, 1999, and 2000 financial statements. As against Deloitte, the Complaint alleged that Deloitte falsely represented during the Class Period that Pre-Paid’s 1998, 1999, and 2000 financial statements fairly presented Pre-Paid’s financial condition and results of operations in accordance with GAAP and allegedly falsely represented that it had audited those financial statements in accordance with GAAS. The Complaint claimed that the alleged misrepresentations and omissions caused the price of Pre-Paid stock to be artificially inflated during the Class Period, to the alleged injury and damage of the plaintiffs.Deloitte moved to dismiss the Complaint, arguing, among other things, that Plaintiffs had not and could not plead that Deloitte acted with scienter and that the claims were barred by the statute of limitations. The Pre-Paid Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Complaint also arguing, among other things, that scienter had not been adequately pled. By Orders dated March 5, 2002 and March 25, 2002, the Court agreed with Deloitte and the Pre-Paid Defendants and dismissed the District Court Action with prejudice.Plaintiffs filed Notices of Appeal to the Tenth Circuit on April 2, 2002, April 23, 2002, and June 5, 2002.The Parties have engaged in an extensive arms’-length mediation process utilizing the mandatory mediation program of the Tenth Circuit. Through that process and over the period of six months, the Parties negotiated an agreement in principle for the Parties to settle the Action with Deloitte, subject to the approval of the Court. The Action with respect to the Pre-Paid Defendants has not been settled and is currently still the subject of an appeal to the Tenth Circuit.On December 10, 2004, the Court approved the $925,000 settlement with defendant Deloitte & Touche.On September 18, 2006, the court entered the Mandate from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.  According to the Mandate, the judgment from the District Court granting the Pre-Paid Defendants’ motion to dismiss the action without leave to amend is affirmed. The Pre-Paid Defendants are the Pre-Paid Legal Sevices, Inc. and the five individual officer and director defendants.
   				



           			As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2005, the Company settled the lead plaintiffs’ remaining individual claims for a confidential amount, which was paid by the Company’s directors' and officers' insurance carrier. Accordingly, the district court entered a final judgment dismissing the claims with prejudice on February 24, 2006.According to a press release dated September 15, 2005, finding that a pleading of fraud-on-the-market did not support class certification in the absence of evidence showing market efficiency, the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed a district court's denial of class certification in a putative class action against an electronic-order processing company. The district court denied the plaintiffs' motion for certification, finding that in the absence of expert testimony regarding market efficiency, they could not take advantage of the class-wide reliance provided by the fraud-on-the-market theory (see 2 S.Cl.Act.Rep. 13-15, Aug. 15, 2004). Certification requires more than pleading fraud- on-the-market.As previously reported by the Company’s FORM 10-Q/A For the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2005, in April 2001, the Court consolidated the lawsuits, and on July 26, 2002, plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint (“CAC”). The Company filed a motion to dismiss the CAC on or about September 9, 2002. On July 22, 2003, the Court granted in part and denied in part defendants’ motion to dismiss. On September 2, 2003, defendants filed an answer to the CAC. Plaintiffs then commenced discovery. On September 12, 2003, plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification, and on February 17, 2004, the Company filed its opposition. On July 1, 2004, the Court denied plaintiffs’ motion for certification. On September 8, 2004, the Fifth Circuit granted plaintiffs’ petition for permission to appeal the denial of class certification. Briefing on the appeal is complete, and oral argument has been set for June 6, 2005. The original complaint asserts that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5. The complaint also alleges that the statements made in the Prospectus for ASD's IPO that ASD had a well-developed business model and was providing high quality and comprehensive outsourcing services to companies selling their goods over the Internet were materially false or misleading.
   				



           			According to a press release dated April 5, 2002, Guess?, Inc. (NYSE:GES) announced that all pending class action and derivative shareholder lawsuits against the Company and certain of its officers and directors have been dismissed, without settlement. Goldman v. Isaacs, a shareholder derivative action filed in Delaware state court, was dismissed without prejudice in February 2002. In re Guess?, Inc. Securities Litigation, a federal class action case which resulted from the consolidation of several other class action cases, was dismissed without prejudice earlier this month. Finally, the plaintiff in Bell v. Marciano, a derivative action filed in federal district court in Los Angeles, has been voluntarily dismissed by stipulation and order by the court dated March 28, 2002. The Company is not aware of any other shareholder litigation pending against it.The original complaint charges that Guess and certain of its officers and directors with issuing false and misleading statements concerning the Company's business and financial condition. Specifically, the complaint alleges that on November 9, 2000, after defendants had sold over $2.2 million of their own Guess shares, they revealed that Guess would earn only $0.13 per share in the 3rd Quarter fiscal 2000, compared to analysts' revised estimates of $0.33 per share. The Company would early only $0.08 per share in the 4th Quarter Fiscal 2000 compared to an estimated $0.44 per share, and for Fiscal 2001, $0.95 per share compared to $1.85 per share. Defendants also revealed that Guess would record a loss of over $4.7 million related to below cost sales of inventory, and an additional charge of $5.4 million to increase reserves for impaired or worthless inventory.Further, the complaint alleges that on January 26, 2001, defendants issued another press release which admitted that throughout the Class Period, they had artificially and improperly inflated its earnings by failing to expense costs or record accruals relating to the value of its substantially impaired inventory. As a result of the Company's accounting improprieties, Guess was forced to restate its financial results for the 1stQ, 2ndQ and 3rdQ of Fiscal 2000.
   				



           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2004, on June 21, 2004, the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York issued an Order denying the plaintiffs' motion for reconsideration. The time period within which the plaintiffs could appeal the Opinion and Order dismissing the class action complaint expired on July 22, 2004. No appeal was filed by that date. QLT believes that this lawsuit has now been finally concluded.As previously reported by the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2004, in January and February of 2001 seven proposed securities class actions were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of purchasers of the Company's common shares between August 1, 2000 and December 14, 2000. On May 3, 2001, the court ordered consolidation of the seven actions. On March 31, 2004 the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York issued an Opinion and Order dismissing the class action complaint with prejudice. The court also found that the plaintiffs failed to state a valid claim for plaintiffs filed a motion with the same court for reconsideration of the Opinion and Order dismissing the class action complaint. The original complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder by issuing materially false and misleading financial information regarding the Company's condition and prospects. Specifically, the complaint charges that during the Class Period defendants issued to the investing public false and misleading financial information, press releases, and other information concerning the demand for Visudyne, a drug made by the Company that was recently approved by the FDA to treat wet age-related macular degeneration ("AMD"), an eye disease that causes blindness in elderly people. On December 14, 2000, QLT announced that it expected to miss its sales estimates for the fourth-quarter ended December 31, 2000. QLT attributed the shortfall to slower than expected growth in demand for Visudyne due to lack of reimbursement from governmental health administration authorities, private health insurers, and other third party payers for the cost of Visudyne treatment in Europe and the United States. QLT also lowered its sales forecasts for the year 2001. These statements contradicted prior information issued by defendants concerning the demand for Visudyne and the Company's prospects. In response, the Company's common stock price plummeted approximately 31% on extremely heavy volume, losing $12.375 per share from the prior day's close of $40.438 per share. The dissemination of this materially misleading information caused QLT's common stock to be artificially inflated throughout the Class Period. Defendants were motivated to inflate the price of QLT stock so that Company insiders could dump their own shares on unsuspecting investors. Indeed, when the price of QLT stock was at its highest level of the year, defendants Levy and Galbraith sold over 157,000 shares of QLT stock, reaping proceeds of approximately CN$18.32 million.
   				

           			On October 4, 2006, the Court entered the Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Anthony J. Battaglia.  According to the Final Judgment, this Court hereby dismisses this Action on the merits and with prejudice against all persons or entities who are Class Members, in favor of Defendants and without costs to any of the parties as against any other settling party, except as provided in the Stipulation. Plaintiff's counsel are awarded fees of $600,000.00 (33 1/3%) plus interest of the same rate earned in the settlement fund until the date of payment, and dispursements of $60,461.39. The two lead plaintiffs (Robert Famberg and Richard Tavano) shall receive a payment of $5,000.00 each, for their services to the Class.According to a press release dated August 10, 2006, a hearing has been scheduled before this Court on September 29, 2006 at 9:00 A.M., Courtroom A, United State Courthouse, 940 Front St., San Diego, CA 92101-8900, to consider approval of the proposed settlement of this action for, among other consideration, $1.8 million; certification of a plaintiff class; Class Counsel's application for attorney's fees and reimbursement of expenses; and related matters in the action.As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2005, in an amended complaint, the plaintiffs limited their claims to claims against the Company and its Chief Executive Officer. In response to a motion to dismiss, the Court further limited plaintiffs’ claims to allegations of market manipulation and insider trading. The En Pointe defendants have answered the amended and limited complaint. The Court certified the case as a class action. The original class action law suit was filed alleging violations of the federal securities laws (including Sections 10(b) and 20(a). The lawsuit alleges that En Pointe and certain management insiders participated in a scheme to artificially inflate the Company's stock price and misrepresent the condition of its business. The complaint alleges that En Pointe  issued a series of  false and misleading statements during the Class Period that allowed insiders to divert almost $50,000,000 of shareholders' money. According to the complaint, this scheme included creating artificial demand for the stock, refusing  to execute sell orders, and misrepresenting En Pointe's ownership interest in Supply Access, Inc. The complaint specifically alleges that while the stock was inflated to over $45.00 a share, insiders dumped their holdings. 
   				

           			According to the docket dated July 16, 2003, on July 25, 2003, the Court entered the Order by U.S. District Judge William H. Alsup granting the Lead Counsel’s application for approval of the final report of the claims administrator and authorizing distribution of the net settlement fund.   Earlier, on June 25, 2002, the Court entered the Order granting the motion for final approval of the Class Action Settlement as well as the motion for attorney fees and reimbursement of expenses.  The Court further entered the Final Judgment and Order of dismissal with prejudice.  The case was terminated by the Judgment entered on August 7, 2002.  On May 20, 2003, Judge William H. Alsup authorized the distribution of the net settlement fund.Beginning on February 1, 2002, a number of securities class action complaints were filed against the Company, and certain of its former officers, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The purported class action complaints allege that during a period from April 21, 2000 through September 25, 2000, Critical Path and certain of its officers and directors violated federal securities laws by issuing false and misleading statements concerning its business and financial condition. Critical Path provides e-mail hosting services to a variety of organizations, including Internet service providers, Web hosting companies, Web portals, and corporations.  Many of these types of companies were new and were suffering from a downturn in Internet-related funding which began in the spring of 2000.  The complaint alleges that the problems many of these companies were having raising money had reached crisis levels and were impacting Critical Path's ability to collect receivables.  Defendants had also known for months that new accounting regulations would negate the Company's ability to continue to recognize up-front license fees in Q4 2000.  Defendants knew this would severely impair Critical Path's future revenue growth and impair their ability to make future stock sales and extract future bonuses which were tied to the Company's performance.  Thus, defendants continued to make positive but false statements about Critical Path's business and projections for Q3/Q4 2000 and beyond.  On March 28, 2002 Plaintiff entered a Notice of Voluntary Dismissal, pursuant to Federal Rule P. 41(a)(1), to dismiss the action without prejudice. On April 03, 2002, the Court related all other similar 2003 filings and closed the case.The original action charges that Critical Path and some of its top officers misled investors about the company's revenues and earnings and that the company did not prepare its financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.  On February 2, 2001, the company announced it had discovered "a number of transactions that put into question the company's financial results."  In addition, the company stated that its 2000 4th quarter results may be "materially misleading" an two senior officers were placed "on leave. As a result of the announcement, Critical Path's shares fell 67% from its closing price of $10.06 on February 1 to $3.86 on February 2, before trading in the stock was halted on the Nasdaq Stock Market.Specifically, the complaint allege that beginning on or about August 8, 2000, defendants embarked on a scheme to defraud investors in order to artificially boost Critical Path's stock price, as they realized that a high stock price was necessary to effect purchases of other Companies and dispose of their shares of the Company reaping millions of dollars in profits to themselves. By making a series of false and misleading statements throughout the Class Period and reassuring the public that Critical Path was not facing material difficulties in its business, defendants were able to artificially inflate the stock price of the Company.The complaint alleges that this scheme began when defendants announced that Critical Path had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Peer Logic, Inc., a private, San Francisco-based provider of eBusiness infrastructure software.  Among other things, Critical Path stated in its press release that the "Company expects transaction to be accretive to 2001 consensus estimates for revenue and earnings per share.  Acquisition does not impact commitment to fourth quarter 2000 profitability."The complaint further alleges that defendants continued, right up to the very end of the Class Period on February 1, 2001 to make false and misleading statements or omissions and failed to correct those statements and omissions at any time until February 1, 2001.  Throughout the Class Period, defendants gave consistently misleading guidance to the numerous investment firms which it admittedly knew were following the Company and basing their advice and analysis directly on defendants' false and misleading representations. The complaint alleges that as a result of the defendants' conduct, plaintiff and other members of the Class suffered damages.
   				



           			By the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Milton I. Shadur and entered on July 18, 2005, the Stipulation and the Settlement are approved and the Action is dismissed in its entirety with prejudice and without costs to any party as against any other party.  Lead Counsel was awarded the sum of $2,475,000 in attorneys’ fees and $226,049.64 as reimbursement of expenses.In a press release dated May 25, 2005, the Settlement calls for the creation of a cash Settlement Fund in the amount of $13,750,000 to be distributed to the members of a Settlement Class, in exchange for a release of all claims against the Defendants and other Released Parties and dismissal of this action with prejudice. The complete terms of the Settlement are set forth in the Stipulation, which is available for inspection at the office of the Clerk of the Court, United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.   The Final Settlement Hearing will be held on July 14, 2005.According to the docket posted, on June 27, 2001, the Court entered the Minute Order by U.S. District Judge Milton I. Shadur designating Peter Moser as the most adequate plaintiff to represent the previously defined class in this action and approving the law firm of Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLC, as class counsel. Further, Case No. 01 C 874 was dismissed without prejudice.  On August 14, 2001, Comdisco filed a notice of bankruptcy.  On November 15, 2002, an Amended Class Action Complaint was filed and the defendants responded with a motion to dismiss the amended complaint.  On March 31, 2003, the Court entered the Minute Order denying the defendants’ motion to dismiss the amended complaint.By the Memorandum and Order dated March 26, 2001, the Court granted the Plaintiff’s motion for a finding of relatedness.  The twelve purported class actions filed against Comdisco were all found to be related to case 01-CV-874 and, for convenience, a separate case number, 01-CV-2110, and the general caption "In re Comdisco Securities Litigation" were employed in all future orders and opinions. The original complaint charges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market concerning the company's operations and its Prism Communications Services subsidiary. Specifically, the complaint alleges that defendants repeatedly issued positive statements concerning Prism, Prism's expansion into new markets and purported positive developments in Prism's existing markets but failed to disclose that Prism was suffering from a host of adverse factors including that incumbent local exchange carriers were slow to provide Prism access to their networks and Prism was experiencing intense competition from entrenched telecommunications companies. On 10/03/2000, Comdisco announced that it would stop funding Prism and would write down its investment in Prism, which amounted to $350 million. In response, Comdisco's stock price dropped 23% in one day from $17.5625 per share to $13.37 per share (representing a 66% drop from the class period high of $53 per share).NOTE: Although Comdisco was originally named as a defendant in this action, during the pendency of this case, Comdisco filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. By virtue of its bankruptcy filing and by agreement, Comdisco is not named as a defendant herein and plaintiffs are pursuing their herein-described claims only against Individual Defendants.
   				

           			According to the Stipulation and Order of Dismissal entered on March 27, 2002, the action was dismissed with prejudice and without prejudice as to certain plaintiffs. Specifically, according to Exhibit 1, there are too many differences in the legal and factual theories applicable to each customer for the case to be pursued appropriately on behalf of all class members equally. Furthermore, there is a substantial interest among many of the Individually Represented Plaintiffs in individually controlling the prosecution of separate claims due to factors pertaining to individual suitability and variant damages. As a result, the Court has given approval for the class action to be dismissed. The Individually Represented Plaintiffs have agreed to individually-tailored and individually negotiated settlements with J.C. Bradford, and as to them, the case will be dismissed with prejudice. As to all other potential class members, who have not been individually represented in the case, and who have not reached a settlement with J.C. Bradford, the case is being dismissed without prejudice, meaning that those class members' rights have not been affected. The Complaint alleges that, during the Class Period, defendant W. Bishop  Kelley, Jr., with the knowledge, assistance and participation of the other  Defendants and in conspiracy with MSGI and its controlling officer and director and others, orchestrated a scheme to defraud customers of Bradford (who subsequently became customers of PWG and PWI) in the purchase of MSGI common stock. In sum, the alleged scheme entailed the activities of Kelley, in  conspiracy with MSGI and certain of its affiliates, to manipulate and support or increase, to artificial levels, the market price of MSGI stock, to conceal from Class Members at the times of the purchase of MSGI stock in their accounts the complete adverse financial information about MSGI and its prospects, to engage in a pattern and practice of putting customer accounts into MSGI stock without compliance with discretionary account trading requirements and without compliance with the suitability rule and without proper pre-purchase disclosures, and the corporate defendants' breaches of their duties of supervision and prevention of Kelley's wrongful activities. The alleged scheme also included the concealment of the material omitted facts. The Complaint alleges that as a result of the foregoing, MSGI stock was wrongfully purchased in, and for, the accounts of Plaintiffs and Class Members at artificially high levels, causing a loss to Plaintiffs and Class Members when true facts about MSGI became known and when price manipulation activities were terminated or discovered. 
   				





           			According to the docket, on June 23, 2005, the Court entered the Mandate of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, dismissing the appeal.As reported by Emulex Corporation's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 26, 2004, the settlement was approved and $39.5 million held in escrow was paid by the Company into the settlement fund during the six months ended December 28, 2003. Gateway Partners filed a challenge to the allocation of settlement funds among the plaintiffs and adequacy of the settlement notice, and the district court ruled against such challenge on November 23, 2004. On December 13, 2004, Gateway Partners filed an appeal and a motion to stop distribution from the settlement fund; both of which were filed with the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (Index No. 04-57123). On January 12, 2005, attorneys for Gateway Partners sent a letter to the appeals court stating that a stipulation would be filed confirming that no proceeds of the settlement fund would be distributed until the appeal is resolved, and that Gateway Partners would not have to post a bond. In a Press Release dated 04/24/2003, Emulex Corp. announced that it reached tentative settlements to conclude securities class action and derivative lawsuits brought against the company and certain directors and officers in 2001. Under the settlements, all claims will be dismissed and the litigation will be terminated in exchange for a payment of $39.5 million. Additionally, the company will record a receivable from the company's D&O insurance of approximately 32% of the settlement. The resulting after-tax settlement charges of approximately $16.7 million will be recorded as a charge in the third fiscal quarter.  On August 24, 2001, an Amended and Consolidated Complaint was filed pursuant to a Stipulation and Court Order. Defendants' motion to dismiss was denied by way of an order dated March 7, 2002. Defendants' motion for reconsideration of that order was denied by an order dated May 3, 2002. Plaintiffs have commenced discovery. The court certified the class action by an order dated September 30, 2002, and the court scheduled a trial setting conference on June 6, 2003, that was expected to be set for trial in July, 2003. The complaint charges Emulex and certain of its officers and directorswith violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Emulex is a designer,developer and supplier of a line of Fibre Channel host adapters, hubs, ASICsand software products that provide connectivity solutions for Fibre Channelstorage area networks, network attached storage and RAID. The complaintalleges that during the Class Period, defendants made positive but falsestatements about Emulex's results and business, while concealing materialadverse information about customers pushing out orders. As a result, Emulex'sstock traded at artificially inflated levels, permitting defendants to sell$40.36 million worth of their Emulex stock. On February 9, 2001, Emulexissued a press release directing people to visit the Company Website.Visitors were able to listen to a recording of Emulex's CEO describing whatEmulex would later disclose at a conference on February 13, 2001: that it hadbeen experiencing a push-out of orders since late January that might causeEmulex sales to fall short of previous Company guidance for Emulex's 3rdQ F01to end on April 1, 2001. On Monday morning when the market opened again,Emulex's stock immediately dropped, falling 48% to $38-1/8 before closing at$40-3/8 on February 12, 2001 on volume of 48.6 million shares.
   				



           			On April 17, 2007 the United States Court of Appeals issued a mandate withdrawing plaintiffs' appeal.According to a press release dated January 30, 2007, Milberg Weiss & Bershad was awarded a little more than one-third of the $101 million (U.S.) in fees and expenses it sought for winning a billion-dollar shareholder settlement from Nortel Networks Corp. U.S. District Judge Richard Berman in New York awarded Milberg $37.7 million and said a $101 million award would have been "excessive." The ruling is a setback for Milberg, which has been charged with paying clients kickbacks to bring class-action lawsuits. Milberg was lead law firm in a securities class action against Brampton-based Nortel over what investors said were accounting manipulations.On January 25, 2007, a Notice of Appeal from the December 26, 2006 Decision and Order approving the Nortel I settlement was filed by Rinis Travel Service, Inc. Profit Sharing Trust, David Carpenter in the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. According to a press release dated December 26, 2006, two U.S. judges on Tuesday gave their blessings to an estimated $2.45 billion settlement between Nortel Networks Corp. and shareholders, moving the pact closer to final approval. Nortel and shareholders had agreed in principle to the settlement in February to put an end to class-action lawsuits stemming from an accounting scandal at the telecommunications equipment company. The settlement still requires approval by various Canadian courts. Under the settlement, the company has agreed to pay $575 million in cash and issue shares equal to about 14.5 percent of its current outstanding equity, worth more than $1.64 billion based on Nortel 's current stock value. The settlement, which in addition includes $228.5 million in payments from Nortel's insurers, also is to include one-half of any money that the company recovers in its lawsuits against former Chief Executive Frank Dunn and other senior officers fired in connection with the accounting debacle. The complex litigation involved two separate class-action securities fraud suits brought by different shareholder groups. U.S. District Judges Richard Berman and Loretta Preska in Manhattan, who oversaw the two halves of the total case, each issued written decisions on Tuesday approving the settlements. "The settlement is approved as fair, reasonable and adequate," Judge Preska wrote in her decision.The complaint against Nortel Networks Corporation was first filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York on February 16, 2001.  That case was then transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York.  On March 17, 2004, a separate case was also filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against Nortel Networks, purporting different allegations.  In September 2005, Nortel Networks Corporation announced that, in connection with these two pending class action lawsuits in the Southern District of New York against Nortel and others, the two presiding United States District Judges, the Honorables Richard M. Berman and Loretta A. Preska, appointed the Honorable Robert W. Sweet as a mediator to oversee settlement negotiations between Nortel and the lead plaintiffs in such actions. The appointment was pursuant to a request by Nortel and the lead plaintiffs for the Courts' assistance to facilitate the possibility of achieving a global settlement encompassing these two actions.  The two class actions noted above relate to alleged violations of United States federal securities laws and encompass two alleged class periods, between October 24, 2000 and February 15, 2001 in one action (the action known as “Nortel I”), and between April 24, 2003 and April 27, 2004 in the other action (the action known as “Nortel II”).According to two separate summary notices of proposed settlements, both dated August 11, 2006, a Settlement of the Nortel I and Nortel II Actions has been established. The Settlement in the Nortel I Action will provide total proceeds consisting of approximately $438,667,428 in cash, plus 314,333,875 shares of Nortel common stock for the benefit of members of the Classes.  The Settlement of the Nortel II Action will provide total proceeds consisting of approximately $370,157,418 in cash, plus 314,333,875 shares of Nortel common stock for the benefit of members of the Classes. In addition, Nortel will adopt certain corporate governance enhancements. The Settlements are contingent on approval by the Courts in the Nortel I Actions and in certain related actions against Nortel in the United States and Canada (the "Nortel II Actions") for which there is a separate notice. The Settlement is further subject to certain regulatory approvals.  In order for the Settlements to become effective, it must be approved by the New York Court, the Ontario Court, the Quebec Court and the B.C. Court, each of which must be satisfied that the Settlement is fair, reasonable, adequate and in the best interests of Class Members. The Settlement Fairness/Approval Hearings have been scheduled with the respective courts.  The U.S. Action hearing is scheduled for October 26, 2006, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.In a press release dated June 21, 2006, Nortel Networks Corp. said Wednesday it has reached an agreement with the plaintiffs of two Canadian shareholder class-action lawsuits sparked by revised financial results that helped drive down the value of the company's stock in recent years. Settlement of the two Canadian suits was a condition of Nortel's previously announced agreement in principle to settle two related major U.S. shareholder suits, which were essentially based on the same events. The Canadian telecommunications company said the settlements encompass 'most' pending class- actions suits and demands filed by shareholders against Nortel due to financial revisions between 2001 and 2005. 'Nortel has now also reached agreement with the plaintiffs in those Canadian actions with respect to the global settlement as set forth in the stipulations and agreements of settlement,' the company said in a brief statement Wednesday. The company said it and the lead plaintiffs in the two U.S. suits pending in New York have entered into 'stipulations and agreements of settlement,' but noted various court, regulatory and stock exchange approvals were still required. In the U.S. suits, announced in February, Nortel said it would make a payment of $575 million in cash and issue 628,667,750 of its common shares -- about 14.5 percent of its equity -- as a major part of its compensation to shareholders. The company has also agreed to contribute one-half of any recovery in the existing litigation by Nortel against three former senior officers, including former chief executives Frank Dunn, who were fired in April 2004. The settlement contains no admission of wrongdoing by the company or any of the other defendants.In a press release dated March 20, 2006,  Nortel Networks Corp. said its insurers have agreed to pay $228.5 million toward a proposed settlement of a shareholder lawsuit. As part of the settlement announced in February, Toronto-based Nortel will make a payment of $575 million in cash, issue 628.7 million common shares, and contribute half of any funds it recovers from lawsuits against former senior officers who were fired in April 2004. The proposed settlement was hinged upon several conditions, including insurance coverage. Nortel said Friday it has also agreed to certain corporate governance measures.In a press release dated February 8, 2006, the contingent settlement announced  settles the securities fraud claims being prosecuted against the company and certain of its directors in Nortel case of 2004, as well as the claims asserted in the Nortel case of 2001. Under the terms of the proposed global settlement contemplated by the agreement in principle, the Nortel would make a payment of US$575 million in cash, issue 628,667,750 of its common shares (representing 14.5% of its current equity), and contribute one-half of any recovery in the existing litigation by Nortel against the Nortel’s former senior officers who were terminated for cause in April 2004. The agreement in principle is also conditioned on the contribution of available insurance, which has yet to be resolved. The total settlement amount will include all plaintiffs' court-approved attorneys' fees. Nortel has also agreed to respond to the corporate governance proposals of the lead plaintiffs and enter into a dialogue to review the company's corporate governance.According to the docket 04-CV-2115, for the action filed in 2004, on February 23, 2005, a Notice of Case Reassignment was filed, assigning the case to U.S. District Judge Loretta A. Preska.  On March 1, 2005, the Multi-District Litigation Panel transferred the case to Multi-District Litigation for coordinated or consolidated pretrial proceedings with the actions pending in that district.  The complaint filed on March 17, 2004, charges defendants with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. More specifically, the complaint alleges that, shortly before the start of the Class Period, Nortel advised investors that it would be restating its financial results for 2000, 2001 and 2002 and the first and second quarters of 2003. Then, after reporting solid fourth quarter results during the Class Period that far surpassed analysts' expectations, the Company shocked investors by announcing that it would be restating its financial results yet again, this time for the just- reported fourth quarter of 2003 as well. Subsequently, in a clear indication of the severity of the Company's problems, the Company announced that it would be placing certain individual defendants on paid leave of absence, pending the completion of the Company's independent review being undertaken by its audit committee. Following this announcement, shares of Nortel common stock fell $1.19 per share, or 18.5%, to close at $5.24 per share on extremely high trading volume.According to the docket, 01-CV-1855, for the 2001 action, on May 15, 2003, the Court entered Final Judgment Order relating to case 01-cv-2041, the Weisburgh action. According to the Order,  the Weisburgh action was consolidated with In re Nortel Networks Corp. Sec. Litig., civil action no. 2001 cv 01855 for the limited purpose of discovery. The two cases were not consolidated for the purposes of ruling upon the motion to dismiss filed by defendants with respect to both actions. Plaintiffs' amended complaint in the Weisburgh action is dismissed with prejudice pursuant to FRCP 12(b)(6).On June 8, 2001, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York entered the Stipulation and Order signed by Raymond J. Dearie, transferring the first filed complaint, case number 01-cv-945, to the U.S.D.C. for the Southern District of New York under new case number 01-cv-5676. According to the docket for 01-cv-5676, on October 16, 2001, the Court entered the Order signed by Judge Richard M. Berman consolidating the actions, appointing lead plaintiffs and approving selection of co-lead counsel.  Further, according to the Order, case 01-cv-5676 was consolidated with 00-cv-1855, which is the lead case number.  The original complaint first filed on February 16, 2001, against Nortel Networks Corporation alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Act of 1934, arising from misrepresentations made by defendants concerning the demand for Nortel's products. The complaint also alleges that defendants made repeated, affirmative and misleading statements - in the face of decreased capital expenditures in the telecommunications industry regarding the level of demand for Nortel's products and Nortel's growth in revenues, earnings and market share. On 02/15/2001, Nortel issued a press release admitting that demand for its products had in fact slowed and that the company would fall drastically short of previously-stated revenue and earnings guidance and that the "inflated" price of Nortel's shares quickly collapsed. Nortel's shares lost approximately 33% of their value in one day, falling from $29.75 per share to $20.00 per share.
   				

           			The original Complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. During the Class Period, Schering-Plough issued three earnings releases highlighting the Company's success and continued growth. These releases contained statements that were materially false and misleading because they failed to disclose certain material facts, including, inter alia: (a) that the Company was experiencing manufacturing difficulties at its plants in Union, N.J., Kenilworth, N.J., Manati, Puerto Rico and Las Piedras, Puerto Rico, such that it was distracted from producing products at the levels budgeted for the respective plants; (b) that the Company's manufacturing policies and procedures at its plants in Union, N.J., Kenilworth, N.J., Manati, Puerto Rico and Las Piedras, Puerto Rico, did not comply with applicable FDA regulations regarding the manufacture of pharmaceutical products; (c) that the Company's manufacturing problems were more widespread and severe than the previously-announced problems at the aerosol plant; (d) given the Company's manufacturing difficulties, the risk that the FDA would force the Company to curtail its operations and delay FDA approval of desloratadine so that the Company could correct the problems was much greater than defendants had disclosed; and (e) that based on past practices and policies of the FDA and the nature and extent of the identified deficiencies, it was certain that the FDA would conduct a follow-up inspection of the New Jersey facilities. The Complaint further alleges that defendants' failure to disclose the extent of its exposure to its manufacturing problems, falsely implied that there were no known impediments to receiving approval for its most-important new drug, desloratadine, which was in the final stage of the FDA's review process. Desloratadine, which is to be marketed as Clarinex, is scheduled to be the successor drug to Claritin, once the patent for Claritin expires in December 2002.As summarized by the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, several lawsuits were filed against the Company and certain named officers. These lawsuits allege that the defendants violated the federal securities law by allegedly failing to disclose material information and making material misstatements. Specifically, they allege that the Company failed to disclose an alleged serious risk that a new drug application for CLARINEX would be delayed as a result of these manufacturing issues, and they allege that the Company failed to disclose the alleged depth and severity of its manufacturing issues. These complaints were consolidated into one action in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey, and a consolidated amended complaint was filed on October 11, 2001, purporting to represent a class of shareholders who purchased shares of Company stock from May 9, 2000 through February 15, 2001. The complaint seeks compensatory damages on behalf of the class. The Court certified the shareholder class on October 10, 2003. Discovery is ongoing.According to a press release dated July 20, 2007, the Court has determined that the Action may proceed as a class action pursuant to Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. You may be a member of the Class. Excluded from the Class are Defendants, members of the immediate family of the individual defendants, any subsidiary, affiliate or control person of such person or entity, officers and directors of Schering- Plough, and the legal representatives, heirs, successors, or assigns of each such excluded party.Motions for partial and total summary judgment were filed on December 7, 2007.  In September 2008 the motions were administratively dismissed with no official ruling on the summary judgment.  Parties then filed a Stipulation of Settlement with the court February 12, 2009.  The agreement outlines a deal to drop all claims against the defendants in exchange for a cash payment of $165 million.  Preliminary approval was granted on February 19, 2009.According to an article dated January 5, 2010, Schering-Plough Corp., the drugmaker acquired by Merck & Co., won a U.S. judge’s approval of a $165 million settlement to resolve lawsuits over alleged fraudulent statements to investors about the Clarinex allergy medicine. U.S. District Judge Katharine Hayden in federal court in Newark, New Jersey, gave final approval to the class-action settlement, which affects as many as 280,000 investors. The accord was “reasonable and fair” after seven years of litigation and a “robust mediation process,” she ruled.
   				

           			According to the docket, on July 8, 2003, the Court entered the Memorandum regarding the Final Approval of the Proposed Settlement and Plan of Allocation.  Specifically, the court granted approval of the proposed settlement and plan of allocation, certified the class, and awarded attorney fees from the common fund in the amount of $455,158.433, or 25% of the fund, and reimbursement of expenditures totaling $103,572.44.  On July 14, 2003, the Court further entered the Final Judgment and Order, and the case was terminated.In a press release dated January 6, 2003, pursuant to an Order of the United States District Court for the Central District of California, a hearing will be held on February 3, 2003, at 9:30 a.m., before the Honorable Gary A. Feess, in Courtroom 740 of the Edward Roybal Center & Federal Building, 255 East Temple Street, Los Angeles, California for the purpose of determining: (1) whether the proposed settlement of the claims in the Litigation for $ 1,820,633.34 should be approved by the Court as fair, just, reasonable and adequate; (2) whether, thereafter, the Litigation should be dismissed with prejudice as set forth in the Stipulation of Settlement dated as of October 24, 2002; (3) whether the Plan of Allocation is fair, just, reasonable and adequate and therefore should be approved; and (4) whether the application of Plaintiffs' Lead Counsel for the payment of attorneys' fees and reimbursement of costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Litigation should be approved.The original complaint was filed charging certain of Stan Lee Media's officers and directors with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 arising from defendants' issuance of materially false and misleading statements regarding the nature of Stan Lee Media's  revenues, earnings, and financial condition. Defendants' misrepresentations and omissions, the complaint alleges, caused the price of the securities of Stan Lee Media  to be inflated during the class period. As the complaint alleges, defendants' alleged misconduct came to light when defendants revealed, in December 2000 and January 2001: (i) that Stan Lee Media  could not obtain necessary financing (which financing, according to previous statements made by the defendants, had already been secured); (ii) that trading in Stan Lee Media securities had been halted by Nasdaq; (iii) that the SEC had initiated an inquiry into the trading of Stan Lee Media  shares by certain unnamed investors; and (iv) that possible misuse of company funds by certain Stan Lee  executives had been discovered.NOTE:  As a result of Stan Lee Media filing for bankruptcy on February 16, 2001, in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Central District of California, San Fernando Valley Division, Stan Lee Media could not be named as a defendant in the litigation.
   				

           			According to the docket dated February 28, 2005, on February 22, 2005, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal by U.S. District Judge Dean D. Pregerson approving the settlement set forth in the Amended Stipulation.  The Court further approved the plan of allocation of settlement proceeds and awarded Co-Lead Counsel attorney’s fees of 25% of the class settlement fund and reimbursement of expenses in an aggregate amount of $289,280.82 together with the interest earned.  Earlier, on April 23, 2002, defendant Team Communications Group, Inc., filed a Notice of Filing Bankruptcy.The complaint charges defendants Team Communications Group, Inc. and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  The complaint alleges that during the Class Period, Team Communications reported favorable but false financial results, causing its stock to trade at artificially inflated levels of as high as $12 per share. Then, on February 13, 2001, prior to the market opening, Team Communications shocked the investment community with a press release which revealed that the Company expected to record a Q4 charge equivalent to more than five times all the income it reported during the Class Period. It also acknowledged that certain of its acquisition and distribution activities may have "lacked economic substance."  
   				

           			On January 14, 2009 the judge entered his Order and Final Judgment approving the settlement and dismissing the case.  Attorneys were awarded $120 million in fees and reimbursement of expenses in the amount of $3,314,399.90.According to a press release dated March 28, 2008, Xerox Corp. said it will pay $670 million, and KPMG LLP will pay $80 million, to settle an eight-year-old securities lawsuit filed on behalf of Xerox investors who claimed Xerox committed accounting fraud to meet Wall Street earnings expectations. Xerox said it agreed to settle without admitting to any wrongdoing.On July 18, 2007, the Court entered an order denying plaintiffs’ motion for class certification, without prejudice to renewal after the Court holds a pre-filing conference to identify factual disputes the Court will be required to resolve in ruling on the motion. The parties are presently engaged in discovery. According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, on July 13, 2005, the court denied the motion to dismiss the third consolidated amended complaint. On October 31, 2005, the defendants answered the complaint. On January 19, 2006, plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification. That motion has not been fully briefed or argued before the court. The parties are engaged in discovery. As disclosed in the same SEC filing, on September 11, 2002, the court entered an endorsement order granting plaintiffs’ motion to file a third consolidated amended complaint. The defendants’ motion to dismiss the second consolidated amended complaint was denied, as moot. According to the third consolidated amended complaint, plaintiffs purport to bring this case as a class action on behalf of an expanded class consisting of all persons and/or entities who purchased Xerox common stock and/or bonds during the period between February 17, 1998 through June 28, 2002 and who were purportedly damaged thereby (“Class”). The third consolidated amended complaint sets forth two claims: one alleging that each of the Company, KPMG, and the individual defendants violated Section 10(b) of the 1934 Act and SEC Rule 10b-5 thereunder; the other alleging that the individual defendants are also allegedly liable as “controlling persons” of the Company pursuant to Section 20(a) of the 1934 Act. Plaintiffs claim that the defendants participated in a fraudulent scheme that operated as a fraud and deceit on purchasers of the Company’s common stock and bonds by disseminating materially false and misleading statements and/or concealing material adverse facts relating to various of the Company’s accounting and reporting practices and financial condition. The plaintiffs further allege that this scheme deceived the investing public regarding the true state of the Company’s financial condition and caused the plaintiffs and other members of the alleged Class to purchase the Company’s common stock and bonds at artificially inflated prices, and prompted a SEC investigation that led to the April 11, 2002 settlement which, among other things, required the Company to pay a $10 penalty and restate its financials for the years 1997-2000 (including restatement of financials previously corrected in an earlier restatement which plaintiffs contend was improper). The third consolidated amended complaint seeks unspecified compensatory damages in favor of the plaintiffs and the other Class members against all defendants, jointly and severally, including interest thereon, together with reasonable costs and expenses, including counsel fees and expert fees. On December 2, 2002, the Company and the individual defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. The original complaint charges defendants with violations of the SecuritiesExchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaintalleges that the defendants issued materially false and misleading informationregarding Xerox's financial condition and prospects, particularly that it wassuccessfully addressing its domestic operational problems and was experiencingstrong growth in its Mexican operations for the fourth quarter of 1999. Thecomplaint also alleges that this information was misleading because Xerox hadimproperly recognized uncollectable receivables as income and failed toproperly account for other liabilities. These misrepresentations wererepeated in the Company's Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2000.Additionally, the complaint alleges that the Form 10-K contained a letter fromKPMG stating that, based on KPMG's audit of the Company, the financialinformation in the Form 10-K was accurate.The complaint further alleges that the dissemination of this materially misleading information and the failure to disclosed material information caused Xerox's common stock to be artificially inflated throughout the Class Period. The truth about Xerox'sfinancial condition was revealed to the investing public on July 26, 2000,when Xerox disclosed that its earnings for the second quarter 2000 would bebelow analyst's estimates and that it was cooperating with an SECinvestigation of accounting irregularities at its Mexican operations. Thesedisclosures caused Xerox's stock price to decline 16% from $18.19 per share to$15.25 per share.
   				

           			According to the docket dated January 29, 2004, Order by Judge William H. Alsup terminates the case and approves plan of allocation of settlement proceeds. The notice of settlement dated September 09, 2003 states the settlement amount of $20,000,000 in cash less all attorneys’ fees and expenses to be paid to plaintiffs' counsel and costs of notice and administration of the settlement and will include interest that accrues on the fund prior to distribution.The original complaint charges certain of NorthPoint's officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. NorthPoint provides high speed local data network services. The company's networks use digital subscriber line technology to transport data at faster speeds than common dial-up modems. NorthPoint markets its network and data transport services to Internet service providers, broadband data service providers, and long-distance and local telephone companies. On Oct. 26, 2000, following the close of trading, NorthPoint announced its Q3 2000 financial results in a press release proclaiming that such results were the result of NorthPoint's "conservative revenue recognition policy." Then, on Nov. 20, 2000, NorthPoint announced that it would restate its Q3 2000 financial statements (which just one month prior the company claimed were based on "conservative" accounting) as a result of accounting misstatements that will require eliminating $6 million in revenue to be removed from the quarter for failing to comply with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Then, on Nov. 29, 2000, Verizon Communications withdrew from a merger agreement with NorthPoint, citing NorthPoint's deteriorating financial condition and false quarterly report as its reason. As such, Verizon would not continue to fund NorthPoint's operations leaving NorthPoint to operate on its own. NorthPoint's shares dropped to just pennies per share in response.Note: Due to its Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing on January 16, 2001, these proceedings against NorthPoint are stayed as of the time of the filing of the Consolidated Complaint.
   				



           			According to the Order and Final Judgment, entered on May 1, 2006, the $8,500,000 Settlement is approved as fair, reasonable and adequate, and all claims are dismissed with prejudice.  The Plan of Allocation is also approved and certain lead plaintiffs were awarded amounts representing unreimbursed expenses and/or lost wages.  Further, plaintiffs’ counsel is awarded 33% of the Gross Settlement Fund and $312,023.31 in reimbursement of expenses.On February 13, 2006, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment as to claims asserted against defendant Arthur Andersen LLP as a result of the pending settlement.On January 6, 2006, a Stipulation of Dismissal of Defendant Xchange, Inc. was filed by the plaintiffs. According to the Stipulation, Plaintiffs hereby dismiss Defendant Xchange, Inc., without prejudice. The parties agree that, if the settlement becomes final, this dismissal shall become with prejudice. That same day, a motion for partial settlement was filed by the plaintiffs.  According to the Stipulation of Settlement, the Stipulation is entered into among Lead Plaintiffs on behalf of themselves and the Settlement Class, the Individual Defendants and together with Defendant Xchange, Inc., a/k/a Exchange Applications, Inc.  The proposed Settlement Fund is in the amount of $8.5 million.As summarized by the Stipulation of Settlement, by the Order dated August 26, 2002, the Court granted, in part, and denied, in part, the motions to dismiss filed by Xchange, the Individual Defendants and Arthur Andersen. Specifically, the Court allowed Plaintiffs' Section 10(b) and 20(a) claims to proceed, and it dismissed Plaintiffs ' Section 11 and 15 claims, as against the Company and the Individual Defendants. The Court also dismissed all of Plaintiffs' claims against Arthur Andersen. On October 21, 2002, Defendants filed an answer to the CAC denying the material allegations set forth therein, and asserting that they did not commit any wrongdoing and that they have no liability whatsoever for the alleged acts or omissions alleged therein. On November 3, 2002, Lead Plaintiffs filed a Motion seeking certification of a class of all persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired the common stock of Xchange between December 9, 1998 and September 29, 2000, with certain defined exclusions. After discovery from the proposed class representatives Paul Isaac, Joseph Butkiewicz, Stephen Moore, and Steven Jakobsen, the Defendants filed an Opposition to Class Certification on June 14, 2005. Plaintiffs' Motion for Class Certification was pending at the time parties entered into the Memorandum of Understanding regarding this settlement (the "MOU").As previously disclosed by the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2002, Xchange and certain of its current and former officers and its former certified public accountants, Arthur Andersen, LLP, have been named defendants in a consolidated class action lawsuit originally filed on February 21, 2001 and subsequently filed as a Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint on August 3, 2001, filed on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of Xchange’s common stock during the period from December 9, 1998 through September 29, 2000. The Amended Class Action Complaint alleges that Xchange made false or misleading statements that inflated its common stock price during the class period. The relief sought is damages on behalf of the class; however, at this time, Xchange is unable to ascertain the monetary damages sought by the class. Through its attorneys, Xchange has filed a Motion to Dismiss the Amended Class Action Complaint on October 3, 2001. The original complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b(b), by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market during the class period. The complaint also alleges that the defendants issued numerous statements touting the contracts it entered into even though the nature of these contracts required that revenue be recognized over an extended period of time, rather than in the third quarter. As a result, the price of the company's shares was artificially inflated throughout the class period. 
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on January 29, 2001, the Court entered the Order signed by U.S. District Judge Alexander Harvey II granting the defendants’ motions to dismiss the Consolidated and Amended Class Action Complaint.  The action was dismissed, and the case was closed.As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2000, ten putative shareholder class action lawsuits were filed against the Company, and three of its former officers and two of its former directors on or after April 20, 2000. The lawsuits have since been consolidated in a single lawsuit that purports to be a class action filed on behalf of purchasers of the stock of the Company during the period from August 12, 1999 through March 30, 2000. Plaintiff alleges that defendants made false and misleading statements about the Company's financial condition, revenues, expenses, and results of operations, in violation of federal securities laws. The original lawsuit charges Espire and certain officers of the Company, with violations of the federal securities laws. The lawsuit alleges that defendants issued a series of false and misleading statements during the Class Period concerning the Company's assets, revenues, income and earnings. The complaint specifically alleges that the Company's 1999 revenues and operating results were overstated through improper revenue recognition and the overstatement of receivables, causing the Company to have to restate its 1999 results. The complaint further alleges that certain insiders took advantage of their inside knowledge to sell significant amounts of their own Espire stock holdings for proceeds of over $2.8 million. On March 30, 2000, the market discovered for the first time defendants' deceptive accounting practices. By the close of trading on March 31, 2000, the Company's stock price had fallen almost 38%, to a close of $7.031.
   				

           			The original complaint alleges that Saxton and certain of its officers and directors violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by making a series of materially false and misleading statements concerning the Company's financial results during the Class Period. In particular, it is alleged that the Company's reported financial results during May 15, 1998 and May 15, 2000 which were materially inflated by the capitalization of interest expenses when such expenses should have been capitalized and the premature recognition of revenue. The Complaint alleges that as a result of these false and misleading statements the price of Saxton common stock was artificially inflated throughout that Period causing plaintiff and the other members of the Class to suffer damages.On September 10, 2001, the Court entered the Order consolidating the actions and appointing The Komie Group as lead plaintiff and approving the lead plaintiff’s selection of Rabin & Peckel LLP as lead counsel.  On October 9, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Class Action Complaint, and the defendants responded by filing motions to dismiss the Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  On April 5, 2002, the Court issued the Order granting the defendants’ motions to dismiss.  Judgment was entered and the Consolidated Class Action Complaint was dismissed with prejudice.  The plaintiffs filed an appeal, and on January 17, 2006, the Court entered the Judgment of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.  The District Court judgment was affirmed in part, reversed in part, and the case was remanded back to the District Court.On April 20, 2006, the plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Class Action Complaint.  On June 5, 2006, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint. On September 22, 2006, the Court entered the Order granting the defendants’ motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint, allowing the plaintiffs file an amended complaint within 30 days of the Order.  On October 23, 2006, the plaintiffs filed a Third Amended Complaint.  On November 22, 2006, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Third Amended Complaint.By the Order issued by the Honorable James C. Mahan, on March 20, 2007, the Court grants the defendants’ motion to dismiss the Third Amended Complaint.  According to the Order, the defendants’ motion to dismiss is granted with prejudice.  The Court finds that plaintiffs have failed to plead facts giving rise to strong inference of scienter, and that they have not pled loss causation. On April 20, 2007, the plaintiff filed an appeal.According to a press release dated August 15, 2007, on July 31, 2007, the Ninth Circuit affirmed the district court's decision to dismiss the plaintiffs' amended complaint, finding that the plaintiffs failed to assert that the misrepresentations were made in connection with the purchase or sale of securities. The Ninth Circuit noted the plaintiffs could not claim that they did not purchase securities in order to avoid federal jurisdiction.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2002, on December 18, 2002, the Third Circuit affirmed the lower court's order dismissing the case with prejudice. On December 30, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a petition for rehearing with the Third Circuit, however, such petition was denied on January 14, 2003.As summarized by the same SEC filing, an Amended Class Action Complaint was filed on November 15, 2000, alleging that certain current and former officers and directors of the company and the company's principal lenders, Cerberus Partners, L.P., Foothill Capital Corporation and Goldman, Sachs & Co., implemented a scheme to perpetrate a fraud upon the stock market regarding the common stock of CHC. A SecondAmended Class Action Complaint (the "Second Amended Complaint") was filed onMarch 21, 2001, which removed all of the officers and directors of the company as defendants, except for the company's former Chief Executive Officer and a former member of CHC's Board of Directors, and continued to name Cerberus Partners, L.P., Foothill Capital Corporation and Goldman, Sachs & Co. as defendants. The plaintiffs' purported class action suit alleges that the defendants artificially depressed the trading price of the company's publicly traded shares and created the false impression that stockholders' equity was decreasing in value and was ultimately worthless. The plaintiffs further allege that members of the class sustained total investment losses of $50 million or more. On June 14, 2001, a third Amended Class Action Complaint (the "Third Amended Complaint") was filed naming the same defendants as the Second Amended Complaint. The plaintiffs' allegations in the Third Amended Complaint were substantially similar to the allegations in the Second Amended Complaint; however, the Third Amended Complaint eliminated references to the corporate assets of the company. All defendants moved to dismiss the Third Amended Complaint for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted and, in connection therewith, on May 6, 2002 the presiding judge granted the defendants' motion to dismiss, with prejudice and also denied plaintiffs' request for leave to replead. The plaintiffs filed a timely appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit (the "Third Circuit") and filed their brief in support of their appeal with that court on July 24, 2002. The defendants filed their opposition brief on August 23, 2002 and the plaintiffs filed a reply brief on September 20, 2002. The original Complaint alleges that the defendants perpetrated a fraud upon the market for shares of Coram common stock, by circulating materially false and misleading statements and/or omissions in press releases and otherwise, designed to artificially deflate the market price of Coram stock, in furtherance of a plan designed to deprive its stockholders of the value of their equity in the said stock, and provide for Coram's emergence from bankruptcy proceedings as a privately held company, depriving plaintiffs and the proposed class of Coram stockholders of fair compensation for the value of their Coram common stock. The Complaint names as defendants three entities holding long-term indebtedness of Coram in the approximate amount of $260 million, including Cerberus Partners, L.P., Goldman, Sachs Credit Partners, L.P., Foothill Capital Corporation, (collectively the Lender Defendants), and the present and former officers and directors of Coram, and of the Lender defendants or their affiliates, who participated in the alleged scheme of securities fraud which forms the basis for the action. Coram itself is not named as a defendant as it is or was the subject of bankruptcy proceedings.
   				



           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, the Class Action Lawsuit was initially dismissed by the District Court for failure to comply with statutory requirements but an appeal was subsequently filed by the plaintiff. On January 5, 2004, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit affirmed its dismissal of the class action lawsuit.As summarized by the docket, on March 2, 2001, the Court entered the Order signed by Judge Alexander Williams Jr. granting the plaintiffs’ motion for appointment of Lead Plaintiffs and approval of Lead Plaintiffs’ selection of Schatz & Nobel, P.C. as Lead Counsel and the Law Offices of Charles J. Piven, P.A. as Liaison Counsel.  On May 4, 2001, the plaintiffs filed an Amended Complaint, and the defendants responded by filing a motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint.  On April 1, 2002, the Court entered the Order granting the defendants’ motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint, with leave to file a Second Amended Complaint.  On April 18, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Class Action Complaint and the defendants again responded by filing a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint.  On October 1, 2002, the Court entered the Memorandum Opinion and Order granting the motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint.  On October 7, 2002, the Court entered Judgment dismissing the action with prejudice as to all defendants. The case was closed.  On October 30, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal.The original Complaint alleges that during the Class Period the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by, among other things, knowingly or recklessly making material misrepresentations concerning (i) Hanger's financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 1999 and (ii) the progress of Hanger's efforts to integrate the recently-acquired operations of Novacare Orthotics & Prosthetics, Inc. The Complaint further alleges that by making these material misrepresentations, the Defendants artificially inflated the price of Hanger common stock during the Class Period.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2002, the plaintiffs have stipulated to dismiss their appeal.  On April 26, 2002, the federal court of appeals approved the parties' stipulation and ordered the appeal dismissed with prejudice.As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001, on March 8, 2002, the Court issued an order granting the motion and dismissing the complaint with prejudice as to all defendants.  Plaintiffs could appeal this ruling to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.Previously, according to the same SEC filing, on October 30, 2000, a purported class action lawsuit was filed in federal district court in Los Angeles against SCE and Edison International.  By agreement of the parties and the Court, plaintiffs amended their complaint on two occasions.  Pursuant to this stipulation, on March 5, 2001, plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint.  On March 15, 2001, a purported class action lawsuit was filed in federal district court in Los Angeles, California, against Edison International and SCE and certain of their officers.  On August 3, 2001, the plaintiffs in both cases filed a consolidated complaint on behalf of alleged shareholders of Edison International, naming as defendants SCE, Edison International, and certain officers of Edison International. On September 17, 2001, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim.    The original complaint, a securities fraud class action lawsuit, commenced charging defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1934 and Rule 10(b)(5) promulgated thereunder. The Complaint alleged securities fraud by Edison by its massive over reporting, up to the staggering amount of $2.358 billion, of revenue on Edison's financial statements for the second and third quarters of the year 2000.Its wholly owned subsidiary, So. Cal. Edison, has been purchasing electricity at double or triple the price it can sell it for under a rate freeze required under California's electricity deregulation law. Edison essentially accounted for this $2.358 billion in undercollections as revenue on its income and balance sheets, even though this amount has not been billed by Edison to its customers and is not billable by Edison under state law.
   				

           			The original class action charges Coke and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, by issuing a series of false and misleading statements between October 21, 1999 and March 6, 2000. Specifically, Coke reported misleading financial results, falsely presented its flat gallonage shipments of concentrate to bottlers during 99 as a positive development, represented that improving the financial condition of those bottlers and had set the stage for substantial revenue growth by Coke as consumer demand for its products had picked up in late 99 and early 00, and forecast 4thQ 99 EPS of $.30-$.31, 99 EPS of $1.29-$1.31, 00 EPS of $1.50-$1.60 and 01 EPS of $1.75+.As a result of Coke's statements, Coke's stock recovered sharply from its early 10/99 low of $47-5/16 to as high as $69 on 12/3/99, a huge increase in Coke's stock price in about 90 days, which restored over $52 billion in Coke stockholder market capitalization. Then, on 3/7/00, Bloomberg reported that, based on the revelations of the past several weeks and continuing conversations with Coke executives, analysts had concluded that Coke would not be able to achieve a return to its historic 8+% and 15%-20% revenue and EPS growth at any time in the foreseeable future. Coke's stock fell to just $44-13/16 on 3/7/00, its lowest price in years.As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, on January 8, 2001, an order was entered by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia consolidating the two [largely identical] cases for all purposes. The Court also ordered the plaintiffs to file a Consolidated Amended Complaint. On July 25, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint, which largely repeated the allegations made in the original complaints and added Douglas N. Daft as an additional defendant. On September 25, 2001, the defendants filed a Motion to Dismiss all counts of the Consolidated Amended Complaint. On August 20, 2002, the Court granted in part and denied in part the defendants’ Motion to Dismiss. The Court also granted the plaintiffs’ Motion for Leave to Amend the Complaint. On September 4, 2002, the defendants filed a Motion for Partial Reconsideration of the Court’s August 20, 2002 ruling. The motion was denied by the Court on April 15, 2003. On June 2, 2003, the plaintiffs filed an Amended Consolidated Complaint. The defendants moved to dismiss the Amended Complaint on June 30, 2003. On March 31, 2004, the Court granted in part and denied in part the defendants’ Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint. In its order, the Court dismissed a number of the plaintiffs’ allegations, including the claim that the Company made knowingly false statements to financial analysts. The Court permitted the remainder of the allegations to proceed to discovery. The Court denied the plaintiffs’ request for leave to further amend and replead their complaint. The fact discovery closed on March 23, 2007, pursuant to the Court’s order. However, there remain certain unresolved issues relating to discovery pending before the Court. In August 2007, the Court heard oral argument on plaintiffs’ motion to certify the class and the Company’s opposition thereto. A ruling on that motion is currently pending before the Court. In October 2007, the Company filed various motions for summary judgment and related relief. According to a press release dated July 7, 2008, soft-drink giant Coca-Cola Co. has agreed to pay $137.5 million to settle a nearly eight-year-long class action shareholder lawsuit. In an agreement signed on June 26 and filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia on July 3, Judge Willis B. Hunt Jr. preliminarily approved the settlement of the investor lawsuit, which alleged that in the late 1990s executives of the world's largest beverage maker violated federal securities law by engaging in a scheme to hide falling profits from investors. … By approving the settlement agreement, Judge Hunt rejected the report and recommendation made by a special master in February to deny class certification completely. … A final settlement fairness hearing is scheduled for Oct. 20.On October 20, 2008, the Settlement Hearing was held before Judge Willis B. Hunt, Jr.  That day, Judge Hunt issued the Order and Final Judgment approving the settlement. On November 7, 2008, the Court issued the Order awarding class counsel 21% of the $137.5 million settlement fund or $28,875,000 in attorney's fees. It is further ordered that Coughlin is awarded $2,406,325.33 in expenses from the settlement fund. It is further ordered that Chitwood is awarded $235,228.00 in expenses from the settlement fund. It is further ordered that Whatley is awarded $52,830.14 in expenses from the settlement fund.On November 21, 2008, an objector to the settlement filed a Notice of Appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit from the Order entered on November 7, 2008, granting in part and denying in part Class Counsel’s application for attorneys fees and expenses.  On February 2, 2009, the Court of Appeals granted the Appellant's motion to dismiss the appeal with prejudice.
   				



           			According to the docket posted, on August 6, 2002, the Court entered the Mandate from the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, affirming the Judgment of the District Court.As previously reported by the Company’s FORM 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001, on December 7, 2000, the Company filed a motion to dismiss all of the claims in this matter. On March 19, 2001, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York issued Opinion and Order number 85313 regarding Case No. 00 CIV. 6769, in which this case was dismissed in its entirety. The plaintiffs are currently pursuing an appeal of the order dismissing their complaint.The original complaint alleges that eBanker and eVision USA.COM, Inc. (defendants) misrepresented and/or omitted material facts in their private offering memoranda, communications with shareholders, and in eVision's Annual Report on Form 10-K, in violation of Sections 10(b) and 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Among other items, the plaintiffs were seeking compensatory damages of no less than $70,000,000. Specifically, the complaint alleges that Confidential Private Offering Memoranda, supplements thereto, documents, press releases, communications with shareholders of eBanker and eVision, the public filings of eVision and other statements, including written communications to shareholders, disseminated to the investing public and the Companies' shareholders during the Class Period misrepresented and/or failed to disclose material facts about the business, management, services, sales obligations, markets, financial condition, and future business prospects of the Defendant Companies, including, among other things, failing to disclose the existence of substantial impediments to the successful completion of an initial public offering of eBanker securities, failing to disclose that the registration of eBanker shares were dependent on the successful completion of an eBanker initial public offering, and affirmatively misrepresenting that certain defendants would not receive any compensation, apart from an annual fee, but then secretly awarding them, immediately after raising the offering monies, option compensation equal to 30% of the equity of eBanker, thereby adding to an already IPO-impairing overhang, potentially diluting the class members' investments.NOTE: The original lawsuit was brought on behalf of all who purchased shares of eVision and its eBanker unit via American Fronteer Financial Corp., a wholly owned broker-dealer subsidiary of eVision, and other securities firms between April 1998 and August 2000.
   				

           			According to the docket, on February 8, 2005, the Court entered the Order from the Sixth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals denying the Petition for a Writ of Mandamus.  Further, on April 29, 2005, the Court entered the Order from the USCA dismissing the appeal, pursuant to the Stipulation of Voluntary Dismissal.Previously, on May 28, 2004, the Court granted defendant Ernst & Young's motion to dismiss.  On June 4, 2004, the Court granted defendants Keating, Muething & Klekamp and Defendant Mark Weiss' motion to dismiss.  On October 28, 2004, the Court entered the Order granting defendant Provident Financial Group, Inc.'s motion for partial summary judgment, and denying the plaintiffs' cross motion for summary judgment.  That day, the Court further granted the Defendants Dinsmore & Shohl, Clifford Roe and Charles Hertlein's motion to dismiss.  On November 5, 2004, the Court entered the Order granting in part and denying in part the defendants’ amended motion to dismiss and denying the plaintiffs’ motion for summary judgment.  On December 1, 2004, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal as to the November 5th Order.On October 20, 2003, the Court entered the Order consolidating the complaint filed in 2002, 02-CV-00613, with the case first filed in 2000.  According to the Order, the 2002 case was closed for statistical purposes.  On December 31, 2003, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated and amended class action complaint.The securities fraud class action lawsuit charges defendents with violating the Federal Securities laws, including the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing materially false and misleading statements and omitting to state material facts in the Proxy Materials relating to the merger. The Proxy Materials stated, inter alia, that the OHSL Board of Directors had unanimously approved the transaction and believed the merger with Provident was in the best interest of OHSL and its shareholders. Instead, it is alleged that the vote was not unanimous in that only 5 of 8 OHSL directors approved the transaction, and that former OHSL CEO and director never believed that the transaction was in the best interests of OHSL and its shareholders. It is further alleged that former OHSL CEO and director voted his personal shares against the transaction, despite leading the October 25, 1999 Special Meeting of Shareholders to approve the transaction. According to a press release dated September 23, 2000, a shareholder of the former Oak Hills Savings and Loan Co. has challenged the thrift's 1999 sale to Provident Bank in a federal lawsuit, arguing that shareholders were not given material information about the sale. Walter W. Thiemann, who owned 40,000 shares of OHSL Financial Corp., the thrift's parent, filed the lawsuit Thursday in U.S. District Court in Cincinnati. He is seeking a class action to include all former OHSL shareholders, damages of more than $57 million or that the purchase be rescinded. He is also seeking interest and additional damages to be determined, as well as attorney fees. Thiemann is suing the board of directors of OHSL and of Provident Financial Group, Inc., the parent of Provident Bank, and Clifford Roe of Dinsmore & Shohl, which represented OHSL in the sale. Oak Hills was sold to Provident in November 1999 in a $57 million stock transaction. OHSL shareholders approved the sale at a special meeting in October. The lawsuit alleges violations of federal securities laws, primarily revolving around what it says are inaccurate and misleading information given to OHSL shareholders in the proxy. OHSL, Roe and Provident board members and officials were aware of the inaccuracies and misleading statements and didn't correct them, the lawsuit said. The lawsuit is similar to one filed in November in Hamilton County Common Pleas Court by another shareholder, Janet Nolte, who made similar allegations. Ms. Nolte voluntarily withdrew that lawsuit.
   				

           			According to the Company’s Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2002, subsequent cases alleging substantially the same claims, and also filed in the same court, were consolidated before the same judge. The defendants entered into an amended settlement agreement with the class for all matters, and the court approved the amended settlement agreement in 2001. The Company and other defendants denied the liability claims as part of the amended settlement, but believed that settling the cases quickly was in the best interests of the Company in order for management to more effectively proceed with its strategic business plans. Under the amended settlement agreement, the Company paid, in 2002, $50,000 in cash and, in 2003, will issue 519,125 shares, which were equal to $950 thousand in value on the determination date. The original complaint charges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10-b(5) by rendering false and misleading statements and/or omissions concerning the present and future financial condition and business prospects of the company, as well as the financial benefits that would enure to On-Point and its shareholders. Specifically, the defendants published false and misleading financial statements, including financial statements that overstated fiscal year 1997 earnings by approximately $1.4 million, or approximately 800%, fiscal year 1997 revenues by approximately $3 million, fiscal year 1998 earnings by approximately $2.1 million, and fiscal year 1998 revenue by approximately $1.6 million. The defendants also failed to disclose that there were substantial operating losses for fiscal year 1998, and that the Company's accounting practices throughout the Class Period failed to conform with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP").
   				



           			According to the docket, on August 24, 2005, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice.  U.S. District Judge Gerard E. Lynch approved the settlement and dismissed the action.By the Notice of Proposed Settlement of Class Action dated June 3, 2005, the parties have reached a cash settlement in the amount of $4,400,000. A hearing will take place on August 11, 2005, for the purpose of determining whether: (1) the proposed Settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate and appropriate of Court approval; (2) the proposed Plan of Distribution is fair, just, reasonable, and adequate; (3) the Court should approve applications of Lead Plaintiffs’ Counsel for an award of attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses; and (4) the Court should enter Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice dismissing the Litigation with prejudice as against Defendants.As summarized by the same Notice, by Order of the Court, entered June 26, 2001, Waterview Partners, Adam Burstyn, Robert James Kennedy, Eli Mann and Joseph Rosenbaum were appointed Lead Plaintiffs; the law firms of Stull, Stull & Brody and Weiss & Lurie were appointed Co-Lead Counsel and the Lead Plaintiffs were directed to cause an amended complaint to be filed under Civil Action Number 01 CV 1125 (GEL). The Amended Class Action Complaint (the “Complaint”) was filed on August 15, 2001. On November 21, 2001, defendants, moved to dismiss the Complaint. Lead Plaintiffs opposed the motions to dismiss and thereafter, by Opinion and Order dated September 30, 2002, the Court dismissed Howard A. Tullman as a defendant, denied the motion to dismiss of the Defendants with respect to the Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 allegations in the Complaint, and granted the motion without prejudice to renew Plaintiffs’ Section 20(a) control allegations. On or about October 17, 2003, the Court issued an Order allowing Waterview Partners to withdraw as a Lead Plaintiff and from consideration as a class representative. On November 5, 2003, the Court issued an order conditionally certifying the Litigation as a class action. Following the denial of the Defendants’ motion to dismiss Plaintiffs’ 10(b) claims, discovery commenced in the case. In late 2004, Lead Counsel and counsel for the Defendants entered into earnest settlement negotiations. As a result of these negotiations, counsel for the Defendants and Lead Counsel have agreed to enter into a Stipulation of Settlement which is dated May 12, 2005.The original complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between 11/29/1999 and 11/15/2000, thereby artificially inflating the price of Xceed securities. Specifically, the complaint alleges that defendants filed quarterly and annual reports with the SEC that contained financial statements which were materially false and misleading as they were prepared in violation of Generally Accepted Accounting principles and the company's own accounting procedures. In its filing, the company repeatedly overstated its revenues and understated its losses by, among other things: (a) underreporting its allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable; (b) underreporting and miscomputing the amortization of intangible assets relating to workforce, customer base, technical know-how and industry contacts in connection with its acquisition of Zabit & Associates, Inc.; (c) failing to review, identify and/or take the appropriate charge for the impairment of its long-lived assets; and (d) using the percentage of completion method of accounting for reporting revenues for fixed-price contracts in violation of GAAP. As a result of this undisclosed conduct, the company's stock was trading at artificially inflated prices throughout the class period. NOTE: On April 30, 2001, Xceed filed for Chapter 11 protection under the United States Bankruptcy Code. This filing triggered an automatic stay of the claims in the Litigation against Xceed, which has since been liquidated.
   				

           			According to a press release dated December 9, 2005, Intershop Communications AG announces a settlement with the plaintiffs of the securities class action, which had been pending in the USA for several years due to alleged misinformation by the Company in the year 2000. On December 5, 2005, a Court in California gave its final approval for the class action settlement. The court declared the settlement as fair to the class. The Company was convinced that this class action would not have been successful; yet decided to settle in order to avoid further litigation expenses.By the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement of Class Action dated September 30, 2005, a settlement fund in the amount of US$3,151,392.56 in cash has been established. The Court will hold a fairness hearing at 9:00 a.m., on December 5, 2005, at the United States Courthouse, 280 South 1st Street, San Jose, California. At this hearing the Court will consider whether the Settlement is fair, reasonable, and adequate. The Court will also consider how much to pay to Co-Lead Counsel.According to the docket posted, on June 6, 2001, the Court entered the Stipulation and Order granting the motion to consolidate the cases, and appoint lead plaintiffs and lead plaintiff’s counsel.  On August 9, 2001, a Consolidated Amended Complaint was filed.  The defendants responded with motions to dismiss, and on April 25, 2002, the Court entered the Order granting in part and denying in part the motions to dismiss consolidated complaint.  On July 19, 2002, a Second Amended Complaint was filed, and on April 14, 2003, a Third Amended Class Action Complaint was filed.  Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Third Amended Complaint, which was granted in part and denied in part in an Order entered on July 25, 2003.  On September 30, 2005, a Stipulation of Settlement was filed and preliminarily approved that same day.The original complaint charges that defendants violated Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 by providing a materially false and misleading Registration Statement and Prospectus in connection with the Company's IPO. Specifically, the Complaint alleges that representations made in the Registration and Prospectus indicating that the Company was expanding their leadership position and was poised for success were false and misleading. Instead, the Company was experiencing a substantial decline is sales for core business as well as weakening of demand for many of its products. The Company disclosed the extent of the problems it was facing on January 1, 2001. This necessitated a reduction of both revenue and earnings expectations for the fourth quarter of 2000, the price of Intershop ADS plummeted, falling in excess of $10.00 per share to close at $4.8125.
   				

           			According to the docket dated September 30, 2003, on September 25, 2003, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice. U.S. District Judge William H. Alsup approved the settlement and further granted the motions for attorney fees and reimbursement expenses as well as the plan of allocation of settlement proceeds. In a press release dated May 28, 2003, the Judge William H. Alsup of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, presiding over the litigation, recently signed a preliminary order confirming the settlement terms, which call for the payment of $15 million to shareholders who are members of the class by virtue of their shareholdings in the company during the class period. The settlement terms do not include any admission or finding of wrongdoing on the part of the company or individual defendants, who maintained their denials of improper behavior throughout the proceedings. The settlement is being fully funded by Commtouch's Directors and Officers insurance policy. The original Complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10-b(5). Specifically, on February 14, 2001, Commtouch announced that it would restate its first three quarterly 2000 financial statements because of accounting misstatements. Subject to completion of the 2000 audit, Commtouch expects to restate its revenues and net loss for the first three quarters of 2000 and adjust revenues downwards by $4.4 million. On this news, Commtouch's shares fell roughly 45%, resulting in substantial damage to plaintiff and the Class
   				



           			According to the docket posted, on February 15, 2006, the settlement hearing was held before U.S. District Judge Stephen C. Robinson. The settlement was accepted by court as reasonable and the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice the next day.By the Notice of Pendency of Class Action and Settlement, the proposed settlement, in the amount of $4,750,000, is embodied in a Stipulation of Settlement dated November 2, 2005, which has been filed with the Court. A hearing will be held on February 15, 2006 to consider whether: (1) the proposed settlement is fair, reasonable, adequate, and in the best interests of the Class and should be approved; (2) the Action should be dismissed with prejudice; (3) the Plan of Allocation should be approved; and (4) the application of Lead Counsel for attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses and the payment of compensatory awards to the Class Representatives should be approved. As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-QSB for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2005, on March 1, 2001 and March 19, 2001, two additional similar lawsuits were filed by other former shareholders of MBI. In May 2001, the actions were consolidated. The plaintiffs were seeking rescission or compensatory damages, payment of fees and expenses, and further relief. In January 2002, the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint adding an additional securities claim against us and the named officers. In August 2003, the court granted summary judgment as to certain securities claims and dismissed the claims, and denied summary judgment as to other securities claims. On November 3, 2005, the Court preliminarily approved a settlement reached by the parties, which will be funded by the Company's insurers. A hearing for final approval of the settlement has been scheduled for February 15, 2006.The original complaint alleges that defendants iolated federal securities laws by issuing materially false and misleading registration statements in connection with its merger with Molecular Biosystems. The complaint alleges that the defendants issued materially false and misleading information regarding Oxygent in the merger related registration statements. Yet only five days after the merger was completed, the defendants, for the first time, publicly disclosed that enrollment for its Phase III cardiac surgery study concerning Oxygent in the US would be suspended indefinitely. Accordingly, it became evident that Oxygent would not be ready for the market in the foreseeable future.
   				





           			By the Order For Final Judgment entered on June 19, 2003, the Settlement set forth in the Settlement Agreement is fair, reasonable, and adequate.  Judgment is entered dismissing the action with prejudice, on the merits.  The plan of allocation and attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses is also approved by the Court.Earlier, on May 4, 2001, the Court entered the Order appointing lead plaintiffs, approving their selection of lead counsel, and establishing a plaintiffs’ executive committee. On May 21, 2001, an Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint was filed, and on July 26, 2001, a Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint was filed.  The defendants responded by filing motions to dismiss the Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  On May 23, 2002, the Court entered the Order denying the motions to dismiss.  On September 6, 2002, the defendants filed motions for partial summary judgment.  On December 26, 2002, the Court entered the Order finding the motions for summary judgment moot.  Soon after, on April 16, 2003, a Settlement Agreement was filed, and that same day, the judge preliminarily approved the settlement. The settlement fund is in the amount of $20 million.The original complaint alleges that during the proposed class period, the Company misled investors by stating that it would not likely experience any adverse impact in connection with Unicover. Ultimately, the company revealed that it would be negatively impacted by the Unicover reinsurance scandal and that its earnings per share in the first quarter of 2000 would fall well below projected earnings. The complaint further alleges that during the class period, E. W. Blanch recognized revenue from its Unicover related brokerage business based on one or more reinsurance contracts that were not in force. The market price of the Company's shares plummeted over 60% throughout the day on March 20, 2000, causing significant losses to persons who purchased shares during the class period. The individual defendants sold over $24.7 million in the Company's stock during the proposed class period.
   				

           			According to the docket, on October 21, 2003, the Court found that the prerequisites for a class action under Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(a) and (b)(3) were satisfied.   The Court entered the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge James T. Giles on October 22, 2003.In a press release dated August 14, 2003, the defendants' counsel announced Pendency and Settlement of U.S. Interactive, Inc. Securities Class Action, for all persons who purchased stock between February 10, 2000 and November 8, 2000. Pursuant to Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and an Order of the above Court dated July 25, 2003, that a hearing will be held on October 20, 2003 at  2:00 p.m. in Courtroom 17614, United States Courthouse, 601 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19106-1797 to determine whether  the proposed settlement  for $3,250,000 should be approved by the Court as fair, reasonable, and adequate; and whether to  award Plaintiffs' Counsel attorneys' fees and reimbursement of expenses. The Individual Defendants, the Underwriter Defendants, and the Director Defendants all moved to dismiss the Complaint. The Court, by Memorandum and Order dated August 23, 2002, (1) granted in part and denied in part the Individual Defendants' motion to dismiss Counts I and II, (2) granted the Individual Defendants' and Director Defendants' motion to dismiss Counts III, IV and V, and (3) granted the Underwriter Defendants' motion to dismiss Counts III, IV, and V. The Court's ruling left the Individual Defendants as the sole remaining defendants. On November 26, 2002, the Court further clarified its Order of August 23, 2002. On December 18, 2002, the Defendants answered the remaining allegations in the Complaint, denying all allegations of liability.The original Complaint alleges defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market, thereby artificially inflating the price of U.S. Interactive securities. Specifically, during the Class Period, defendants repeatedly represented that the Company was experiencing strong growth and indicated that the Company was well along towards achieving profitability by the end of the year. However, at the time these statements were being made, defendants knew them to be false because: (a) an $80 million note issued by the Company as part of its SoftPlus acquisition was causing a large burden which would prevent the Company from achieving profitability; (b) the Company was being adversely affected by its financially-strapped dot-com customers; and (c) the Company was being adversely affected by the lengthening of the sales cycle. On 09/20/2000, the Company warned that its third-quarter financial results would be lower than originally expected due to rapid changes in the Internet professional services market, including longer sales cycles, re- evaluation of e-business initiatives by clients and prospects, and reduced funding available to dot-com clients. In response to this disclosure, U.S. Interactive stock dropped over 33% from the prior day's closing price, on record volume of 2,105,500 shares, to close at $12.937. On 11/08/2000, U.S. Interactive announced its third quarter performance and disclosed that not only were its third quarter financial results worse than the Company had pre-announced on September 20, 2000, but that the Company wrote-off $8.8 million of uncollectible accounts receivable during the third quarter, which amounts were primarily related to services performed for dot-com organizations. Following this full disclosure, U.S. Interactive stock dropped further on high volume of 1.5 million shares, to close at $0.81 per share.NOTE: USIT was not named as a defendant because it announced, on January 22, 2001, that it filed a voluntary petition to reorganize under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. On January 29, 2001, the trading of USIT stock was halted on the NASDAQ.
   				

           			According to the docket, on May 3, 2002, the Court entered the Order by Chief Judge James M. Rosenbaum granting the defendants' motion to dismiss the consolidated amended class action complaint.  The case is closed.The original complaint charges defendants with violations of federal securities laws. Specifically, plaintiff claims that defendants immediately became aware that a new enterprise computer system was a complete failure, resulting in massive problems with every aspect of the company's business, including order taking, order processing, shipping and billing. Defendants however, concealed the full extent of the widespread pervasive failure of the system until accounts receivable spiraled out of control and the company was forced to take significant accounting charges and place a high level of orders on hold to correct the situation.
   				

           			According to the latest docket posted, on September 14, 2005, the Court entered the Orders granting the motions for Preliminary Approval of a Proposed Settlement and approval of lead counsels' application for award of attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses.  The Class counsel was awarded attorneys fees in the amount of $36,564,785.67 and expenses in the amount of $3,740,857.33.  The Court further entered the Order and Final Judgment by Judge Dickran Tevrizian, and the case was terminated.  A Notice of Appeal was filed by objecting class member, RINIS Travel Service, and on January 19, 2006, the Court entered the Mandate from the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals dismissing the appeal.In a press release dated June 24, 2005, Broadcom Corporation announced that it has reached an agreement in principle to settle the securities class action litigation currently pending against the company and certain of its current and former officers and directors. Under the proposed settlement, the class action litigation will be dismissed in exchange for an aggregate cash payment of $150 million. Broadcom expects that approximately $40 million of that amount will be paid by its insurance carriers, with the balance of approximately $110 million to be paid by the company. Terms for distribution of the settlement fund to class members after final court approval of the settlement, and other terms of settlement, will be disclosed in a notice to be sent to class members after preliminary court approval. The court's preliminary approval hearing is scheduled for June 27, 2005.By order of the Court dated May 31, 2001, all related actions were consolidated into one class action lawsuit entitled In re Broadcom Corp. Securities Litigation. And, on June 11, 2001, Lead Plaintiff and Lead Counsel were appointed. On October 1, 2001 Lead Plaintiff filed its Consolidated Amended Complaint. Defendants filed a Motion to Dismiss the complaint on November 15, 2001, which Lead Plaintiff opposed. The Court granted Defendant’s motion on March 11, 2002 and granted Lead Plaintiff leave to amend and re-file its Complaint. On April 1, 2002, Lead Plaintiff filed a Second Consolidated Amended Complaint (the “2nd Amended Complaint”), which Defendants moved to dismiss on May 7, 2002. The Court denied Defendants’ motion on July 24, 2002. Thereafter, on September 26, 2002, Defendants filed their answer to the 2nd Amended Complaint. Beginning in July 2003, Defendants filed various motions for partial summary judgment relating to specific allegations in Lead Plaintiffs’ 2nd Amended Complaint, some of which the Judge granted, others the Judge denied or granted in part, denied in part. The case proceeded through the discovery phase of the litigation and the parties prepared for a trial that, pursuant to a February 22, 2005 order, was to begin on September 13, 2005. On numerous occasions the parties participated in mediation sessions to settle the claims against Defendants. The last session on June 13, 2005, resulted in a settlement of the litigation.The original complaint charges defendants with improperly accounting for the multi-million dollar amount of warrants provided to customers who purchased specified amounts of Broadcom product. In particular, it is charged that Broadcom's 2000 third quarter financial statements improperly failed to disclose the specific information relating to its granting customers warrants in exchange for buying Broadcom product. On 02/27/2001, The Wall Street Journal published an article concerning Broadcom's practices relating to granting warrants to customers in exchange for purchasing product. Broadcom's stock price fell in the next three trading days from $63 per share to $41 per share, an almost 35% decline. In addition, Broadcom's top officers are charged with selling more than $80 million worth of common stock prior to the revelations about the warrants for product deals. 
   				

           			On October 2, 2006, the Court entered the certified copy of the Mandate from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.  The appeal was withdrawn.  On May 25, 2007, the Court entered the Order signed by U.S. District Judge P. Kevin Castel authorizing the distribution of the net settlement fund.According to the latest docket posted, on December 9, 2005, the settlement hearing was held and the settlement was approved.  On December 13, 2005, the Court entered the Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice signed by U.S. District Judge P. Kevin Castel.  In January 2006, two notice of appeals were filed regarding the Judgment and are currently pending in the Second Circuit Court of Appeals.As reported by the Lead Plaintiff Counsel's website, on July 18, 2005, near the end of the second week of trial in In re Globalstar Securities Litigation, a cash settlement of $20 million dollars was reached for the benefit of the certified class by Plaintiffs’ Lead Counsel Cohen, Milstein, Hausfeld & Toll, P.L.L.C. with the sole defendant, the former CEO and Chairman of Globalstar.  The settlement was preliminarily approved by Judge P. Kevin Castel of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York the same day, and the 10-person jury was discharged.Pursuant to a case management order dated January 9, 2004, depositions were to be completed by November 30, 2004 with all expert discovery due by January 31, 2005 for plaintiffs and March 31, 2005 for defendants. In another order dated November 12, 2004, Judge Castel set a trial date of July 6, 2005. On June 8, 2005, defendants filed for summary judgment. In an order dated June 23, 2005, Judge Castel decided not to rule on the motion in advance of trial, but ordered both parties to present oral argument on the motion on June 29, 2005. Trial began on July 6, 2005 and the defendants' motion for summary judgment was denied. On July 17, 2005, the parties reached a tentative agreement to settle the litigation for $20,000,000. Judge Castel preliminarily approved the settlement. Additional cases were filed on behalf of shareholders. On April 30, 2001, motions were made for the appointment of Lead Plaintiff and Counsel. Pursuant to an order dated October 4, 2001, the cases were consolidated under the caption In Re Globalstar Securities Litigation, Master File No. 01 Civ. 1748 (SHS) and Lead Plaintiff and Counsel were appointed. Plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint on November 13, 2001. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss on February 25, 2002. On April 11, 2002, plaintiffs filed an opposition to defendants’ motion to dismiss. Defendants filed a reply in support of their motion to dismiss on May 10, 2002, on which date defendants Schwartz and Loral filed their own motion to dismiss with supporting papers. On December 15, 2003, the Court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss. Defendants answered the complaint on February 2, 2004. Due the Bankruptcy filing of Schwartz and Loral, their motion to dismiss was withdrawn without prejudice on April 9, 2004. Globalstar has also voluntarily initiated Bankruptcy proceedings. On August 2, 2004, plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification. Defendants filed an opposition to plaintiffs’ motion for class certification on August 16, 2004. A reply in support of the motion for class certification was filed on August 26, 2004. On December 1, 2004, the court determined that the lawsuit would continue as a class action. The original complaint alleges that defendants violated the federal securities laws by providing materially false and misleading information about the company's financial condition and future growth potential, and as a result of these false and misleading statements, the company's stock traded at artificially inflated prices during the class period. Specifically, the complaint alleges that throughout the class period, defendants misrepresented that the company's plans to roll out its satellite phone network was on schedule and that demand for the system was strong and in line with the company's expectations. In actuality, the company was experiencing significant delays in obtaining approval for the system from European regulators which was negatively impacting sales. Additionally, demand was less than predicted because the company's system failed to offer roaming service, rendering it uncompetitive in developed nations.NOTE: In 2001, Globalstar and Globalstar Capital filed for bankruptcy protection and, on June 17, 2004, the Bankruptcy Court confirmed the Debtors’ plan of reorganization, as amended (“Globalstar Reorganization Plan”). GTL also sought protection under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code and was liquidated thereafter. As a result of the bankruptcy filings, which stayed all claims against GTL, Globalstar and Globalstar Capital, and the Globalstar Reorganization Plan, which discharged and released the claims of purchasers of Globalstar securities against any and all of the Debtors, and GTL’s liquidation, GTL, Globalstar and Globalstar Capital are no longer parties to this Action.
   				

           			A Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement with sole remaining Defendant Arthur Andersen LLP was entered into the Court on February 4, 2005. According to the Stiulation and Agreement of Settlement, the Gross Andersen Settlement Fund is in the amount of $2.9 million.  On May 26, 2005, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment.On October 1, 2004, the Court issued the Order consolidating complaints filed in 2003 with Civil Action No. 01-CV-00418.  Also, on October 1, 2004, Johnson & Perkinson, and co-counsel obtained final approval settlement of $84.85 million with i2 Technologies and present and former executives. On June 24, 2004, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas preliminarily approved the settlement which also requires i2 to adopt a series of corporate-governance reforms and includes the assignment to the class of the company's claims against i2's former auditors, Arthur Andersen LLP, against whom the litigation continues. The original complaint charges that the company and certain of its officers and directors violated the federal securities laws by providing materially false and misleading information about the company's business, and as a result, the company's stock traded at artificially inflated prices during the class period. Specifically, during the class period, unbeknownst to investors, Nike Inc., one of i2's significant customers, was experiencing problems with the implementation of i2's software, which put i2's relationship with Nike at material risk. Nevertheless, according to the complaint, defendants issued a series of materially false and misleading statements which failed to disclose, among other things, that the company was experiencing software implementation difficulties with Nike and that these problems were material and severe and damaging the company's relationship with Nike. On 02/26/2001, after the close of the market, Nike issued a press release revising its third quarter and fiscal 2001 earnings because, among other things, of complications arising from the impact of implementing its new demand and supply planning systems which were developed by i2. By the end of the day, i2's stock closed at $27.56, down 22% from the previous day's close of $35.50. Prior to the above disclosure, certain insiders took advantage of the inflated stock by selling, in aggregate more than $97 million in i2 stock to the investing public. 
   				



           			On April 5, 2002, the Court entered the Stipulation and Order for Dismissal with prejudice as to the plaintiff’s individual claims.  According to the Order by U.S. District Judge Audrey B. Collins, this action is dismissed with prejudice as to plaintiff John Huston's individual claims, with all parties to bear their own costs & attorney’s fees. Further, as no class has been certified, this action is dismissed without prejudice as to the claims of class members other than plaintiff John Huston.According to a Press Release dated June 7, 2000, a class action was filed alleging violations of the Securities Act of 1933. In denying Defendants' Motion to Dismiss and permitting Plaintiff to Proceed against ICCMIC and certain of its directors, the Court said, 'The Prospectus is a part of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus fails to describe that ICCMIC must pay for the Manager's operating expenses'. ICCMIC filed a Registration Statement and Prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about August 1, 1997. The complaint alleges that Prospectus contained false statements, including a variety of false Statements related to the compensation paid to a management entity hired to operate the investment fund and undisclosed conflicts of interest. 
   				



           			According to the docket, on September 28, 2001, the Court issued an Opinion and Order granting in part and denying in part the defendant’s motion to dismiss the amended class action complaint. On January 24, 2003, the Court issued an Order granting the motion for preliminary approval of the class action settlement and a Stipulation of Settlement was also filed.  On March 31, 2003, the Court entered the Final Judgment of Dismissal with Prejudice and the case was closed.The original Complaint alleges that, during the Class Period, KTI and the three officer defendants (collectively, the "Individual Defendants") violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by, among other things, intentionally concealing material facts about KTI's fourth quarter 1998 financial and operating results and KTI's true financial and operating condition during 1998.  The complaint further alleges that at some time prior to its April 14, 1999 public announcement of the termination of the merger agreement between KTI and Casella, Casella knew or should have known KTI's financial condition was materially worse than had been represented to the public and failed to disclose it. The Complaint further alleges that the price of KTI's shares was artificially inflated as a result of Defendants' omissions of material fact. 
   				

           			On August 4, 2005, the Court entered the Order of Dismissal signed by U.S. District Judge Denise L. Cote. According to the Order, given that complete relief has been accorded to the parties in 00-2284 and 00-2498, the Clerk of the Court shall close these cases.On July 30, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint.  On September 20, 2001, the Court issued the Opinion and Order #86099 denied the defendants’ motions to dismiss.  On May 8, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a Third Amended Complaint.  On July 10, 2002, the Court preliminarily approved a settlement with the FASB Defendants (Fund Administration Services (Bermuda) Ltd., Ernest & Young International, Ernest & Young Bermuda, and Kempe & Whittle Associates Ltd.).  On October 7, 2002, the Court approved the settlement. The case continued as to the remaining defendants.  On June 23, 2003, the Court issued the Opinion and Order # 88664, denying Defendant Deloitte Touche Bermuda's motions for summary judgment.  On November 6, 2003, the Court issued the Order preliminarily approving the proposed settlement with Defendants Deloitte & Touche (Bermuda) (“Deloitte Bermuda”) and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.  On January 20, 2004, the Court issued the Final Order and Judgment approving settlement and dismissal of claims against Deloitte.  On March 23, 2004, Default Judgment was entered in favor of plaintiffs against Michael Berger, Financial Asset Management, Inc. in the amount of $296,694,862.71.  According to the Company’s FORM 10-K For The Fiscal Year Ended November 30, 2001, there were two similar class action complaint filed that were later handled together. On June 21, 2000, an amended complaint was filed adding nine shareholders of Manhattan Investment Fund Limited as plaintiffs and asserting the same claims against the same defendants as were named in the original complaint. Compensatory damages in excess of $93.5 million, and $1 billion in punitive damages from each defendant, are sought. On May 15, 2001, the court granted the Bear Stearns defendants' motion to dismiss this action.As summarized by the same SEC filing, there two similar class action complaints filed that were later handled together.  On March 24, 2000, a purported class action, Cromer Finance Ltd. v. Michael Berger, et al., was commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York by Cromer Finance, Ltd., a shareholder of MIFL, on behalf of a purported class consisting of all persons who purchased securities of MIFL and suffered damages between September 1, 1996 through January 18, 2000. On September 8, 2000, plaintiff filed an amended complaint. Named as defendants are a director of MIFL, Deloitte & Touche, FASB, Ernst & Young LLP, and BSSC. The complaint alleges, among other things, that BSSC aided and abetted common law fraud in connection with providing clearing services for MIFL. Compensatory and punitive damages in unspecified amounts are sought. On April 17, 2001, the court granted BSSC's motion to dismiss this action.  On March 31, 2000, an action, Argos, et al. v. Michael Berger, et al., was commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York by 17 shareholders of MIFL. Named as defendants are a director of MIFL, Financial Asset Management, Inc., FASB, Ernst & Young International, Deloitte & Touche, Bear Stearns and BSSC. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the Bear Stearns defendants aided and abetted a breach of fiduciary duty in connection with BSSC providing clearing services and financing for MIFL. Compensatory damages in excess of $53 million, and $1 billion in punitive damages from each defendant, are sought.The original action arises from allegations of a massive fraud involving the overstatement of the fund's investment  performance, misrepresentations of the assets held in the fund's portfolio, and  undisclosed activities that generated in excess of $400 million in trading  losses which were hidden from investors.  Claims are asserted for violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by reason of material misrepresentations and  omissions, as well as for common law fraud, professional malpractice and aiding  and abetting fraud. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2000, on August 29, 2000, the plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed their complaint without prejudice.As summarized by the same SEC filing, on March 16, 2000, the Company issued a press release announcing that its CEO and President was departing due to health reasons, and as a result, a previously announced $120 million financing had been terminated.  Subsequently, seven substantially identical cases were filed in federal district court in Chicago on various dates between March 17, 2000 and May 10, 2000.  In each case, Peapod and two individual defendants (both of whom are officers of Peapod) were sued for alleged violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 10b-5. The seven cases were consolidated on June 1, 2000. The consolidated complaint alleged that Peapod misrepresented or failed to disclose certain facts relating to the Company's liquidity, cash resources, and cash needs.  The consolidated complaint was brought on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of Peapod's common stock during the period from November 8, 1999 to and including March 16, 2000, and sought to recover damages in an unspecified amount.  The original Complaint charges PPOD and certain of its officers with misrepresenting its cash funding needs, violating Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. 
   				



           			The original complaint charged defendants with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Oracle supplies software for enterprise information management. The complaint alleged that at the beginning of the class period (which run from 12/15/2000 through 03/01/2001), Oracle represented it would have sequential EPS growth of 9% or $0.12, and revenue of over $2.9 billion for its Q3 2001. The complaint also alleges that defendants assured investors that Oracle's new 11I suite required no programming systems integration to implement the product and that using the product internally saved the company $1 billion. However, defendant Ellison actually knew that the Suite had massive technical problems, (including gaps in its CRM modules, and required expensive systems integration work to implement). Ellison also knew that Oracle's one billion dollar savings was not the result of implementing Oracles' 11I product, but rather, his decision to terminate more than 2,000 employees, many of whom would support Oracles' new software. The complaint continued that throughout Jan. and Feb. 2001, defendants repeatedly stated that Oracle's Q3 2001 estimates were easily achievable, that Oracle's pipeline was never stronger, its applications growth was accelerating, its database and application sales were rapidly growing and that the slowing economy was showing no impact on Oracle's Q3 2001 performance. However, during this period, defendant Ellison sold nearly $900 million worth of his own Oracle shares at prices as high as $32 per share, or 50% higher than the price to which Oracle shares dropped as Oracle's true prospects began to reach the market.According to the Company’s FORM 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2009, Stockholder class actions were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against us and our Chief Executive Officer on and after March 9, 2001. Between March 2002 and March 2003, the court dismissed plaintiffs’ consolidated complaint, first amended complaint and a revised second amended complaint. The last dismissal was with prejudice. On September 1, 2004, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reversed the dismissal order and remanded the case for further proceedings. The revised second amended complaint named our Chief Executive Officer, our then Chief Financial Officer (who currently is Chairman of our Board of Directors) and a former Executive Vice President as defendants. This complaint was brought on behalf of purchasers of our stock during the period from December 14, 2000 through March 1, 2001. Plaintiffs alleged that the defendants made false and misleading statements about our actual and expected financial performance and the performance of certain of our applications products, while certain individual defendants were selling Oracle stock in violation of federal securities laws. Plaintiffs further alleged that certain individual defendants sold Oracle stock while in possession of material non-public information. Plaintiffs also allege that the defendants engaged in accounting violations. On July 26, 2007, defendants filed a motion for summary judgment, and plaintiffs filed a motion for partial summary judgment against all defendants and a motion for summary judgment against our Chief Executive Officer. On August 7, 2007, plaintiffs filed amended versions of these motions. On October 5, 2007, plaintiffs filed a motion seeking a default judgment against defendants or various other sanctions because of defendants’ alleged destruction of evidence. A hearing on all these motions was held on December 20, 2007. On April 7, 2008, the case was reassigned to a new judge. On June 27, 2008, the court ordered supplemental briefing on plaintiffs’ sanctions motion. On September 2, 2008, the court issued an order denying plaintiffs’ motion for partial summary judgment against all defendants. The order also denied in part and granted in part plaintiffs’ motion for sanctions. The court denied plaintiffs’ request that judgment be entered in plaintiffs’ favor due to the alleged destruction of evidence, and the court found that no sanctions were appropriate for several categories of evidence. The court found that sanctions in the form of adverse inferences were appropriate for two categories of evidence: e-mails from our Chief Executive Officer’s account, and materials that had been created in connection with a book regarding our Chief Executive Officer. The court then denied defendants’ motion for summary judgment and plaintiffs’ motion for summary judgment against our Chief Executive Officer and directed the parties to revise and re-file these motions to clearly specify the precise contours of the adverse inferences that should be drawn, and to take these inferences into account with regard to the propriety of summary judgment. The court also directed the parties to address certain legal issues in the briefing. On October 13, 2008, the parties participated in a court-ordered mediation, which did not result in a settlement. On October 20, 2008, defendants filed a motion for summary judgment, and plaintiffs filed a motion for summary judgment against our Chief Executive Officer. The parties also filed several motions challenging the admissibility of the testimony of various expert witnesses. Opposition briefs were filed on November 17, 2008, and reply briefs were filed on December 12, 2008. A hearing on all these motions was held on February 13, 2009. On June 16, 2009, the court issued an order granting defendants’ motion for summary judgment and denying plaintiffs’ motion for summary judgment against our Chief Executive Officer, and it entered a judgment dismissing the entire case with prejudice. We expect plaintiffs will appeal. Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages plus interest, attorneys’ fees and costs, and equitable and injunctive relief.On July 14, 2009, the plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal.  On November 16, 2010, the Court entered the opinion from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.  The District Court's opinion was affirmed.
   				

           			According to the docket, on February 24, 2003, the Settlement Hearing was held.  The Court entered the Orders approving the Plan of Allocation of Settlement Proceeds and awarding Representative Plaintiffs' Counsel's Attorney's Fees and Reimbursement of Expenses.  The Court further entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with prejudice.By the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement, a settlement hearing will be held on February 24, 2003, at 2:30 p.m., before the Honorable Garr M. King, United States District Judge, at the United States District Court, District of Oregon, Mark O. Hatfield Courthouse, 1000 S.W. Third Street, Portland, Oregon (the "Settlement Hearing"). The purpose of the Settlement Hearing will be to determine: (1) whether the settlement consisting of $8,900,000 in cash plus accrued interest should be approved as fair, just, reasonable and adequate to the settling parties; (2) whether the proposed plan to distribute the settlement proceeds (the "Plan of Allocation") is fair, just, reasonable, and adequate; (3) whether the application by plaintiffs' counsel for an award of attorneys' fees and reimbursement of expenses should be approved; and (4) whether the Litigation should be dismissed with prejudice. The Court may adjourn or continue the Settlement Hearing without further notice to the Settlement Class.On February 25, 2002 Lead Plaintiffs filed the First Amended Consolidated Complaint (the "Complaint"), which is the operative pleading in the Litigation. The Complaint alleges violations of §§10(b), 20A and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder on behalf of a class of purchasers of Nike common stock during the period June 29, 2000 through February 26, 2001, inclusive. Thereafter, Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Complaint which was fully briefed and scheduled to be argued on August 26, 2002. The second motion to dismiss was taken off calendar and withdrawn after the Settling Parties reached an agreement on the essential terms of the settlement set forth in the Stipulation.Lead Plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint for Violation of the Exchange Act on July 7, 2001. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Consolidated Amended Complaint on September 7, 2001. After extensive briefing and oral argument, on January 25, 2002 the Court (i) granted Defendants' motion and dismissed the claims asserted against Defendants in their entirety; and (ii) granted Lead Plaintiffs one further opportunity to amend their claims.On June 7, 2001, the Court consolidated similar, purported class action complaints  as In re Nike, Inc. Securities Litigation, Master File No. CV-01-332-KI (the "Litigation"). On June 8, 2001, the Court granted the motion of David Whitt and Campbell L. and Claire M. Stubbs to be appointed lead plaintiffs ("Lead Plaintiffs") under §21D(a)(3)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and approved Lead Plaintiffs' selection of Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP and the Law Offices Bernard M. Gross, P.C. as lead counsel pursuant to §21D(a)(3)(B)(v) of the Exchange Act.The original complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that on 12/19/2000, Nike announced favorable Q2 F01 results and told analysts the company was still on track to report mid-teens earning growth for F01. As a result of management's positive statements, Nike's stock price increased from $47.56 on 12/19/2000 to above $55 per share by 12/27/2000. Defendants took advantage of this inflation in stock price, selling 401,288 shares of their Nike stock for proceeds of $20.96 million. On 02/26/2001, Nike admitted that its Q3 F01 results would be much lower than previously forecast due to problems implementing supply planning systems, which caused Nike to produce too much unpopular inventory and not enough popular inventory and disclosed that it had excess inventory, which would result in Q3 F01 earnings of less than .38 per share. Nike's stock price then decline to a low of $38.26 per share from $49.17 in a recent trading session. As a result of Nike's alleged false statements, Nike's stock price traded at inflated levels during the class period, to a high of $60.0625 in 01/2001.
   				

           			According to the docket, on November 9, 2004, the Court entered the Stipulation and Order of Dismissal by U.S. District Judge Jed S. Rakoff dismissing the action with prejudice and without costs to either party.On June 3, 2002, the Court entered the Judgment dismissing the Second Amended Complaint with prejudice and the case was closed.  The Plaintiff soon after filed a Notice of Appeal, and on February 5, 2004, the Court entered the Mandate of the US Court of Appeals affirming in part and reversing in part the judgment of the District Court. The original Complaint alleges that during the Class Period, the Company failed to register the Company's offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Sections 6 and 7 of the Securities Act, and no exemption from registration was applicable to the Company's securities offering. In addition, the Complaint alleges that in connection with the offering, the Company made misstatements of material facts, and omitted material facts from its disclosures required so as not to make the disclosures misleading, all in connection with the Company's financial condition, and prospects for financing the Company's business. On June 29, 2000, the Company and two of its subsidiaries filed for protection under the Bankruptcy Code.  The First Identified Complaint was amended on or about May 31, 2001. The Amended Complaint seeks remedies for violations of Section 12(a)(1) and (a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933 against the individual defendants as control persons pursuant to Section 15 of the Securities Act. Copy of the Amended Complaint is available from the Court. 
   				



           			According to the docket, on December 12, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a motion to dismiss the action without prejudice against all defendants except Charles Edwards and Jason Edwards.  On December 18, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a motion to dismiss with prejudice claims against Charles and Jason Edwards.  That day, a joint motion was also filed by the plaintiffs and defendants Charles and Jason Edwards for entry of a settlement bar order.  On December 19, 2002, an Endorsed Order was entered granting the motion to dismiss the action without prejudice against all defendants, except the two individual defendants.  On February 18, 2003, the Court entered the Settlement Bar Order.  According to the Order, Charles Edwards and Jason Edwards entered into a settlement and compromise of their dispute, and the bar order finally discharges all obligations of the defendants in the action.  That day, the Court entered the Order signed by U.S. District Judge James S. Moody Jr. granting the motion to dismiss with prejudice claims against Charles Edwards and Jason Edwards.  The case was closed.On February 7, 2002, the Court entered the Order granting in part and denying in part the motion to dismiss the complaint.  Plaintiffs were permitted twenty days to file an amended complaint.  On April 10, 2002, the Plaintiffs filed a First Amended Complaint.The original complaint charges these Defendants with violating federal and state securities laws by selling unregistered securities through unregistered agents and making material statements of facts which were untrue, or which omitted material facts which were necessary in order to make the statements made not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made. Specifically, this class action lawsuit asserted claims on behalf of persons who were solicited and purchased payphone agreements from ETS Payphones, Inc. in Florida or otherwise Invested in ETS Payphones, Inc. in Florida by purchasing payphone agreements by or through Hayes Financial Group, Inc. and the other defendants listed below.Other defendants: Charles E. Edwards, Jason Edwards, Hayes Financial Group, Inc. ("HFG"), Curtis G. Hayes, Oxford Financial of Pinellas, Inc., Steve Rodd, Epic Planning Group, Inc., Robert S. Baldwin, Richard Southerland, Spryng T. Southerland, and Insurance Associates Services, Inc., National Communications Marketing, Inc., Thomas E. Murray, Warren Dibell, Suncoast Insurance & Financial Services, Inc., Reliance Trust Company, Gilbert Peters, William J. Webb, Inland Restoration Funding, Inc., Personal Risk Management Associates, Inc., and John Guba.
   				









           			According to the docket dated March 11, 2003, on February 15, 2002, the Court entered the Order by U.S. District Judge Samuel Conti granting the defendants’ motion to dismiss consolidated class action complaint.  The action was dismissed without prejudice.  On March 23, 2004, the Court entered the Order terminating the case. The original complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about May 18, 2000, New Focus commenced an initial public offering of 5,000,000 of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $20 per share (the "New Focus IPO"). In connection therewith, New Focus filed a registration statement, which incorporated aprospectus (the "Prospectus"), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed todisclose, among other things, that: (i) Credit Suisse, Robertson Stephens and Merrill Lynch had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Credit Suisse, Robertson Stephens and Merrill Lynch allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of New Focus shares issued in connection with the New Focus IPO; and (ii) Credit Suisse, Robertson Stephens and Merrill Lynch had entered into agreements with customers whereby Credit Suisse, Robertson Stephens and Merrill Lynch agreed to allocate New Focus shares to those customers in the New Focus IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional New Focus shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				

           			According to the docket, after the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order approving the settlement and dismissing the claims, the plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal. On March 26, 2004, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the US District Court’s Order, and on January 20, 2005, the Court entered the Order of Distribution of the Settlement Fund.On August 20, 2001 and Defendants responded on December 27, 2001 with a Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint. Prior to a ruling on Defendants' Motion to Dismiss, the parties agreed to settle the action and entered into a Stipulation of Settlement on November 15, 2002. The terms of the proposed settlement create a Settlement Fund for the benefit of the Class in the amount of $10,000,000 in cash and will include interest that accrues on the fund prior to distribution. On December 11, 2002, Judge Joseph Greenaway, Jr. issued an order granting Preliminary Approval of the proposed settlement and certified the following class: All persons who purchased or otherwise acquired Nice ADSs during the period from November 3, 1999 to February 7, 2001, inclusive, other than Defendants. A hearing, to determine whether the proposed settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate, was held on March 31, 2003 and continued on April 7, 2003. On April 8, 2003, the Court entered an Order of Final Judgment approving the settlement. The original federal class-action lawsuit charges defendants with securities fraud. The complaint accuses Nice System and two of its top officers of inflating the Company’s stock price by issuing false and misleading financial statements for its 1999 financial statements and the first three quarters of 2000. On February 8, 2001, Nice Systems announced that it would restate its financial statements for its 1999 fiscal year and the first three quarters of 2000 because of improper accounting.
   				

           			According to the docket, the Settlement Fairness Hearing was held on January 17, 2003, before U.S. District Judge James D. Whittemore.  On February 6, 2003, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment, approving the settlement, and the case was closed.As reported by the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2002, the Company entered into a memorandum of understanding to settle the consolidated securities class action lawsuit that is currently pending against Pinnacle, its Chief Executive Officer, its former Chief Financial Officer, its former Chief Executive Officer, various current and former directors of Pinnacle, Pinnacle's former accountants, PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, and the underwriters of Pinnacle's January 18, 2000 secondary offering. The litigation related to alleged misrepresentations contained in a prospectus for Pinnacle's January 18, 2000 secondary stock offering and alleged misleading statements contained in press releases and other filings with the SEC relating to certain of Pinnacle's financial statements, the acquisition of approximately 1,858 communications sites from Motorola, Inc., Pinnacle's relationship with its former accountants and other matters. The settlement, which has been agreed to by all of the parties to the litigation, provides that the claims against Pinnacle and its current and former officers and directors will be dismissed. In agreeing to the proposed settlement,Pinnacle and its current and former officers and directors specifically deny any wrongdoing.The settlement provides for a cash payment of approximately $8.2 million, all of which will be paid directly by Pinnacle's insurance. Of the $8.2 million payment, $4.1 million shall be deemed to have been made on behalf of Pinnacle, and $4.1 million shall be deemed to have been made on behalf of the individual defendants. In addition, the settlement provides for additional cash payments of approximately $2.6 million by PricewaterhouseCoopers and $200,000 by the underwriter defendants. The settlement is subject to certain customary conditions, including preliminary and final approval by the Bankruptcy Court, the U.S. federal district court in which the action is pending and notice to the class. Once the courts give preliminary approval to this settlement, formal notices with the details of the settlement will be sent to the purported class members who purchased Pinnacle common stock during the period of June 29, 1999 to August 14, 2001.The original class action lawsuit alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between January 18, 2000 and March 17, 2001, thereby artificially inflating the price of Pinnacle securities. The Complaint alleges that throughout the Class Period, the Company repeatedly issued press releases highlighting the Company's increasing financial strength through its numerous acquisitions of wireless tower sites and its financial results. In August 2000, as alleged in the Complaint, Pinnacle revealed that the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") was investigating the independence of its accounting firm, PriceWaterhouse Coopers, and also revealed that the SEC was investigating the Company's accounting for certain aspects of its recent acquisition of certain assets from Motorola, Inc. The Company, however, stated that its publicly issued financial statements were, at all times, prepared in complete conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company further stated that the SEC investigation was nothing more than a "political" issue to further the SEC's new provision dealing with accountant independence. Then on March 17, 2001, Pinnacle issued a press release which shocked investors by announcing that the Company's previously issued financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 and its quarterly reports for the three months ended September 30, 1999, March 31, 2000, June 30, 2000 and September 30, 2000 would have to be revised. Defendants also disclosed that the restatements would be necessary to properly account for the Motorola acquisition. On March 19, 2001, Pinnacle stock traded at slightly below $9 per share, an 88% decline from its Class Period high of $75.
   				

           			By the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice signed by U.S. District Judge Robert S. Lasnik and entered on November 10, 2005, the Court approves the settlement set forth in the Stipulation.  The Court further entered that day the Order approving the Plan of Allocation and the Order awarding attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses.According to the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement of Class Action dated May 16, 2005, a settlement hearing will be held on September 22, 2005, at 9:00 a.m., before the Honorable Robert S. Lasnik, Chief United States District Judge, at the Western District of Washington (at Seattle), U.S. Courthouse, 700 Stewart Street, Seattle, Washington (the “Settlement Hearing”). The purpose of the Settlement Hearing will be to determine: (1) whether the settlement consisting of $27,500,000 in cash plus accrued interest should be approved as fair, reasonable and adequate to each of the parties; (2) whether the proposed plan to distribute the settlement proceeds (the “Plan of Allocation”) is fair, reasonable and adequate; (3) whether the application by Lead Plaintiffs’ counsel for an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses should be approved; and (4) whether the Litigation should be dismissed with prejudice. The Court may adjourn or continue the Settlement Hearing without further notice to the Class. As summarized in the Stipulation of Settlement, on and after March 9, 2001, 14 actions were filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington as securities class actions on behalf of persons who purchased the publicly traded securities of Amazon.com, Inc. By Order dated June 29, 2001, these actions were consolidated for all purposes as In re Amazon.com, Inc. Securities Litigation, Master File No. C-01-0358-L. On June 29, 2001, the Court also appointed Moussa Peykar, Edward Ingeneri, Lena Govberg (she later withdrew as lead plaintiff), Richard A. Yahr and Emil Panait as Lead Plaintiffs uand approved Lead Plaintiffs’ selection of Lead Counsel. On October 5, 2001, Lead Plaintiffs filed a comprehensive Consolidated Complaint for Violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated complaint on January 18, 2002. On January 6, 2003, the Court granted Defendants’ motions in part and denied them in part. In response to the Court’s orders on Defendants’ motions to dismiss and based on Lead Plaintiffs’ continued investigation, on August 1, 2003 Lead Plaintiffs filed a First Amended Complaint for Violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  On September 15, 2003, Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Complaint which was fully briefed and being prepared for oral argument at the time an agreement-in-principle was reached to settle the Litigation following extensive settlement negotiations.The original complaint alleges that defendants violated federal securities laws by disseminating to the investing public false and misleading financial statements in SEC filings and press releases concerning the company's revenues, investments in joint ventures, earnings, cash flow as well as its overall financial condition and future prospects. Also, defendants touted the company's investments in joint ventures called Amazon Commerce Network Partners (ACNs) and the purported high margin revenue stream created by such ventures Instead, plaintiff alleges, defendants failed to disclose until the end of the class period that: the A C N investments were losing millions of dollars; much of the purported revenue recorded appeared to investors as cash, but was actually in the form of speculative equity investments; and the revenues recognized under the A C N agreements concealed the magnitude of the losses and distorted the company's reported cash flow. It is further alleged that Jeffrey Bezos sold more than one million shares of his Amazon common stock holdings at artificially inflated prices, for proceeds of more than $30 million. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, in  April 2003, in response to the Company’s motion to dismiss, certain of the plaintiffs’ claims were dismissed with prejudice. However, plaintiffs were permitted to file a further amended complaint with respect to several remaining claims. In November 2003, a settlement and dismissal of the action was approved by the Court. The settlement was funded entirely by the defendants’ insurers in August and September 2003.As stated in the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement, the parties reached an agreement-in-principle to settle the action. The proposed settlement creates a fund in the amount of $11,000,000 in cash (the "Settlement Fund") and will include interest that accrues on the fund prior to distribution. Depending on the number of eligible shares purchased by Settlement Class Members who elect to participate in the settlement and when those shares were purchased and sold, the estimated average recovery per share will be approximately $0.92 before deduction of Court-approved fees and expenses.If the settlement is approved by the Court, counsel for the plaintiffs will apply to the Court for attorneys' fees of 30% of the Settlement Fund and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses not to exceed $250,000 to be paid from the Settlement Fund. If the amount requested is approved by the Court, the average cost per share will be $0.29.The original complaint charges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint alleges the Nuance and certain of its officers and directors disseminated materially false and misleading statements concerning, among other things, the Company's revenue growth and improved profitability, while concealing material adverse information concerning the declining demand for the Company's products and services. As a result, Nuance stock traded at artificially inflated prices throughout the Class Period. During the time that defendants touted the Company's historical and anticipated growth and improved profitability, Company insiders sold more that $15 million in Nuance stock.The complaint further alleges that on March 15, 2001, Nuance announced that its First Quarter 2001 performance was not on track, that revenue was shrinking, and that a loss three times the size of that which was previously expected was forthcoming. Following the Company's announcement, the price of the Company's stock fell over 40%.Nuance attributes the revenue shortfall primarily to general economic conditions, which have led customers and customer prospects to postpone capital investment in Nuance products and service offerings based on Nuance products. The company believes its visibility is limited for both the second quarter and full-year results.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007, in June 2005, the underwriters filed an appeal of the District Court’s order granting class certification in six focus cases. On December 5, 2006, the Court of Appeals issued an opinion, reversing the District Court’s order granting class certification and finding that plaintiffs cannot satisfy certain elements required for class actions. On June 25, 2007, in light of the Court of Appeals’ decision, the District Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based on a stipulation among the parties to the settlement. On August 14, 2007, the plaintiffs filed amended complaints in the focus cases, seeking to address the deficiencies raised in the Court of Appeals’ opinion. On September 27, 2007, plaintiffs moved to certify the classes in those focus cases. The parties are currently discussing further discovery that the plaintiffs seek from the underwriters and the issuers. As summarized by the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2006 , in 2001, a number of purported shareholder class action complaints related to the Company’s and FreeMarkets’ initial public offerings (the “IPOs”) were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company and FreeMarkets, and against certain of the two companies’ former officers and directors. These complaints were later consolidated into single class action proceedings related to each IPO. In June 2003, a settlement was reached between plaintiffs and the Company and FreeMarkets (the individual defendants having been previously dismissed). A final fairness hearing on the settlement was held on April 24, 2006 but the Court has not yet issued its opinion. As part of the proposed settlement, the settling issuers were required to assign to the plaintiffs certain claims they had against their underwriters (“Assigned Claims”). Pending the Court’s final approval of the settlement, the Assigned Claims were conditionally assigned to a litigation trustee. Before the expiration of any relevant statutes of limitations, the litigation trustee filed lawsuits against the various issuers’ respective underwriters alleging the Assigned Claims. On February 24, 2006, the Court dismissed, with prejudice, the Assigned Claims brought by the litigation trustee against the underwriters on statute of limitations grounds. Because the Assigned Claims were part of the consideration contemplated under the settlement, it is unclear how the Court’s recent decision will impact the settlement and the Court’s final approval of it. Although the Court has preliminarily approved the settlement, there can be no assurance that the Court will provide final approval of the settlement. The original complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5. On 06/23/1999, Ariba commenced an IPO of 5 million of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $23 per share. Coincidentally, Ariba also filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus with the SEC. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Morgan Stanley had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Morgan Stanley allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Ariba shares issued in connection with the Ariba IPO; and (ii) Morgan Stanley had entered into agreements with customers whereby Morgan Stanley agreed to allocate Ariba shares to those customers in the Ariba IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Ariba shares in the aftermarket at a pre-determined prices. 
   				

           			On December 12, 2003, a status conference was held and a Motion for Preliminary Approval of Class Action Settlement along with the Stipulation of Settlement was filed. At the hearing Judge Samuel Conti ordered the hearing continued to February 6, 2004. At the February 6, 2004 hearing, the judge ordered the parties to submit a proposed order for Preliminary Approval of the proposed settlement. Preliminary Approval was granted on March 25, 2004. The terms of the proposed settlement create a Settlement Fund in the amount of $8,212,500 cash, plus interest that accrues on the fund prior to distribution. A hearing (the "Settlement Hearing") to determine, among other things, whether the proposed settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate was held on July 30, 2004 and, on August 6, 2004, Senior Judge Samuel Conti issued a Judgment granting Final Approval of the Settlement. The original complaint charges that the company and certain of its officers and directors violated the federal securities laws by providing materially false and misleading information in the company's financial statements, and as a result of these false and misleading statements, the company's stock traded at artificially inflated prices during the class period. Specifically, on 03/15/2001, Adaptive announced that it will restate its Q4 2000 financial statements because of accounting misstatements. The company currently expects that its revenue and cost of revenue for the quarter will be reduced by $4.0 million. In a press release dated 03/15/2001, the company said that its new management team is working with the company's Board of Directors, auditors and outside counsel to determine whether any other similar transactions exist in the same or other accounting periods, and if so, what actions, if any, may need to be taken with respect to them. The company hopes to be in a position to make this determination by 03/30/2001. Based on this review, the company will take whatever steps may be necessary so that its financial reporting practices for all past and future periods conform in all respects to applicable accounting standards. On this news, Adaptive's stock price dropped to as low as $1.47 per share, or more than 95% from its class period high of $33.125.
   				



           			According to the docket posted, on May 15, 2002, the Court entered the Order signed by U.S. District Judge Susan Illston granting the motions to dismiss the complaint.  Further that day, the Court entered Judgment, and the case was closed.On January 23, 2002, the Court entered the Order granting the motion of appoint lead plaintiffs and lead counsel. Radiant Advisers LLC and Frank E. Scott were appointed as Lead Plaintiffs, and Bernstein, Liebhard & Lifschitz, LLP Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP and Weiss & Yourman were appointed as Lead Counsel.  On February 8, 2000, the plaintiffs filed a First Amended Complaint against all the defendants.  The defendants responded by filing motions to dismiss on March 1, 2002.In August 2001, the case was transferred from the U.S. District for the Southern District of New York to the U.S. District for the Northern District of California.The original complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 by issuing a materially false and misleading Registration Statement and Prospectus (collectively, the Prospectus) in connection with Iasiaworks initial public offering (IPO) in August 2000. Specifically, the Prospectus misleadingly stated that the proceeds that would be raised from the IPO would be sufficient to fund several of the Company's needs for at least nine months, including the establishment of the first three large-scale Internet Data Centers needed to augment the small-scale centers then in existence. On November 27, 2000, the last day of the Class Period, defendants issued a press release indicating that it would be building data centers that were much larger than described in the Prospectus and at a much greater cost, so much so that the Company would be forced to borrow additional money to complete the project. The market's reaction to this announcement was swift and punitive. From a closing price of $7.81 on November 24, 2000, the stock slid to $6 3/8 on November 27, 2000, and to $4 7/16 on November 28, 2000, representing a 43% drops in just two days. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2002, on September 30, 2002, the Court dismissed the case with prejudice. The plaintiffs had 30 days from September 30, 2002 to appeal the ruling, and the ruling was not appealed.As reported by the same SEC filing, the Company and the Company’s chairman, president and chief executive officer had been served with six additional complaints that are identical to the first Complaint filed on March 26, 2001. These complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio on March 28, 2001, March 29, 2001, March 30, 2001, April 5, 2001, April 12, 2001 and May 4, 2001. On July 23, 2001, the actions were consolidated and recaptioned In re: Keithley Instruments, Inc., Securities Litigation. On August 29, 2001, plaintiffs filed an Amended Complaint that included additional factual allegations and also named an officer of the Company as a defendant. On December 5, 2001, pursuant to an agreed order, the officer defendant was dismissed from the case. The original complaint charges defendants with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1935 and Rule 10b-5. The complaint alleges that the defendants issued a series of false and misleading statements to the market concerning the company's business condition and prospects for the second fiscal quarter of 2001 which resulted in artificially inflated prices for the company's common stock. On 01/18/2001, defendants reported record revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2001, the three months ended 12/31/2000, touting Keithley's eighth consecutive quarter of record pre-tax earnings and sixth consecutive quarter of record sales. With respect to the second fiscal quarter of 2001, the three months ending 03/31/2001, defendants stated that Keithley's record backlog and current business will lead to second quarter pre-tax earnings in excess of those reported I the first quarter. Defendants repeated these positive statements concerning the fiscal Q2 2001 on 02/13/2001, in a press release and on 02/14/2001 in Keithley's SEC Form 10-Q. The complaint further alleges that defendants failed to disclose that Keithley was suffering from reduced new equipment orders, delays in scheduled deliveries and with respect to semiconductor customers, canceled orders, all of which would lead to reduced sale and earnings in fiscal Q2 2001. Prior to the disclosure of the true financial condition of the company in fiscal Q2 2001, Keithley sold approximately $3 million of Keithley shares.
   				

           			On December 5, 2006, the Court of Appeals issued an opinion, reversing the District Court’s order granting class certification and finding that plaintiffs cannot satisfy certain elements required for class actions. On June 25, 2007, in light of the Court of Appeals’ decision, the District Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based on a stipulation among the parties to the settlement. On August 14, 2007, the plaintiffs filed amended complaints in the focus cases, seeking to address the deficiencies raised in the Court of Appeals’ opinion. On September 27, 2007, plaintiffs moved to certify the classes in those focus cases.According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, the action is being coordinated with approximately 300 other nearly identical actions filed against other companies that had initial public offerings of securities between the 1997 and 2000 time periods. The Company has approved a Memorandum of Understanding ("MOU") and related agreements which set forth the terms of a settlement between the Company, the plaintiff class and the vast majority of the other approximately 300 issuer defendants.  Among other provisions, the settlement contemplated by the MOU provides for a release of the Company and the individual defendants for the conduct alleged in the action to be wrongful.  The Company would agree to undertake certain responsibilities, including agreeing to assign away, not assert, or release certain potential claims the Company may have against its underwriters. It is anticipated that any potential financial obligation of the Company to plaintiffs pursuant to the terms of the MOU and related agreements will be covered by existing insurance.  Therefore, the Company does not expect that the settlement will involve any payment by the Company.  The MOU and related agreements are subject to a number of contingencies, including the negotiation of a settlement agreement and its approval by the Court. The Court will hold a Settlement Fairness Hearing at 10:00 a.m., on April 24, 2006, at the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, 500 Pearl Street, New York, New York 10007.  At this hearing, the Court will consider whether the Settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate. If there are objections, the Court will consider them.  After the hearing, the Court will decide whether or not to approve the Settlement.  The complaint alleges that defendants violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling Planetrx.com common stock pursuant to the 10/06/1999 IPO without disclosing to investors that at least two of the lead underwriters and two of the other underwriters in the offering had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. In exchange for the excessive commissions, the complaint alleges, lead underwriters the Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and BancBoston Robertson Stephens, Inc. and underwriters Merril Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. and Salomon Smith Barney, Inc. allocated Planet Rx.com shares to customers at the IPO price of $16 per share. To receive the allocations at $16, the defendant underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices was intended to and did drive Planetrx.com's share up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $16 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $36.50 during its first day of trading.
   				







           			According to the docket, on October 9, 2003, the Court entered the Order by U.S. District Judge Saundra B. Armstrong granting the motions for final approval of settlement, for approval of plan allocation of settlement proceeds, and the motion to certify class action.  The Court also awarded plaintiffs' counsel reimbursement of litigation expenses in the amount of $104,263.60.  The Court further entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice.Turnstone Systems, Inc. announced that on July 25, 2003, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California preliminarily approved a settlement of a purported class action suit that was brought against the company, certain of its officers and directors and its underwriters on behalf of persons who purchased common stock issued pursuant to the company's secondary stock offering in September 2000. The suit was settled for $7.0 million, of which insurance for the company's directors and officers will pay approximately $6.1 million and the company will contribute approximately $0.9 million in cash. The settlement is conditioned upon, among other things, notice to the company's stockholders of the settlement and final approval by the United States District Court.The original complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that contrary to defendants' representations during the Class Period, Turnstone's CX100 product was fraught with problems, including blown capacitors, malfunctioning chips, and inaccurate calibration of the CX100. As a result, and contrary to the representations in the Registration Statement/Prospectus, the CX100 product was unreliable, inaccurate and inefficient in deploying DSL services to Turnstone's customers. Moreover, Turnstone's key customers were returning the product as a result of the malfunctioning of the CX100. After the market closed on January 2, 2001, Turnstone issued another press release warning investors that its 4thQ 00 revenue would be substantially below market estimates because its CLEC customers had cancelled and reduced their orders. As a result, the Company announced revenue of $26 million to $28 million for the 4thQ 00, 37% lower than consensus market analyst estimates. In the same press release, the Company also disclosed that it expected to take a $13.0 to $15.5 million charge to increase its inventory reserves and bad debt reserves, thus causing Turnstone to forecast an operating loss of $12 million to $14 million for the quarter.
   				

           			According to the firm's 10-K filing dated 4/02/2001, on December 20, 2000, the Court granted final approval to the settlement agreement Pegasystems entered into with the Gelfer plaintiffs on behalf of the Gelfer class approving the terms of the settlement as fair, reasonable and adequate and in the best interests of the class, and dismissing the action with prejudice. Pursuant to the Court's final order, the Company issued to the Settlement Fund 1,740,000 shares of Pegasystems common stock and contributed $2.39 million in cash. Certain members of the Board of Directors purchased the shares from the Settlement Fund for $5.36 million in cash. Together with cash previously advanced, the total value paid to the class for the settlement of the Gelfer litigation was $12.25 million.The original complaint charges that defendants issued materially false and misleading statements during the Class Period about its 1998 revenues and earnings. On November 24, 1998, Pegasystems revealed that it would delay the filing of its quarterly report because it was "reviewing certain revenue transactions" and that it expected "adjustments to results of operations" which had been released just three weeks earlier.
   				



           			On August 24, 2006, the Court again entered an Order signed by U.S. District Judge Napoleon A. Jones Jr., granting the defendant's motion to Third Amended Consolidated Complaint dismissed with prejudice. On March 10, 2004, the Court entered the Order signed by U.S. District Judge Napoleon A. Jones Jr. granting the defendants' motion to dismiss third amended consolidated complaint  with prejudice.  On November 7, 2004, the plaintiff filed a Notice of Appeal. On August 21, 2006, the Court entered the Judgment from the U.S. Court of Appeals.  According to the Judgment, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed in part, vacated in part and remanded the action back to the District Court. As summarized by the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2003 in April 2001, an alleged stockholder of the Company filed an alleged class action complaint against the Company and certain of its officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock during the period between October 16, 2000 and January 24, 2001.  Thereafter, five additional and virtually identical lawsuits have been filed.  The most recent of these lawsuits allege claims on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock during the period between October 16, 2000 and March 28, 2001 (the “Class Period”). The cases allege that during the Class Period, the Company made false statements about its business and results causing its stock to trade at artificially inflated levels.  Based on these allegations, the cases allege that the Company and the others named in the cases violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  The Company has retained counsel to defend these cases.  On February 8, 2002, the Court appointed a lead plaintiff and lead counsel and ordered the consolidation of the cases.  The Court gave the plaintiffs until March 25, 2002 to file a consolidated amended complaint. On March 25, 2002, plaintiffs filed a first consolidated and amended complaint.  The first consolidated and amended complaint alleges a new class period of July 13, 2000 through March 28, 2001 and adds alleged claims under the Securities Act of 1933 arising from the Company’s secondary public offering in October 2000.  On April 29, 2002, the Company filed a motion to dismiss and a motion to strike the first consolidated and amended complaint.  On March 25, 2003, the Court executed an order granting with leave to amend the Company’s motion to dismiss and giving plaintiffs until May 27 to file an amended complaint.  On May 27, 2003, plaintiffs filed a second amended consolidated complaint for violation of federal securities laws.  On June 13, 2003, the Company filed a motion to dismiss and a motion to strike the second amended consolidated complaint for violation of federal securities laws.  On July 21, 2003, the court took the Company’s motions under submission.The original complaint alleged that beginning on or about October 16, 2000, defendants embarked on a scheme to defraud investors in order to artificially boost JNI's stock price by making false and misleading statements about the Company's products and business. Defendants' scheme enabled JNI to complete a $382 million secondary stock offering pursuant to a Registration Statement and Prospectus dated October 19, 2000, and allowed certain JNI officers and directors to reap millions of dollars from the sale of their stock into the secondary offering at artificially inflated prices. Following the secondary offering, at least two analysts issued extremely favorable reports on JNI based on statements made by JNI management, causing the Company's stock price to increase to $126 per share. Contrary to defendants' positive statements during the Class Period, on January 24, 2001, JNI announced lower than expected financial results for its fourth quarter 2000, and on March 28, 2001 revealed that its first quarter 2001 revenues would be only $20-21 million. Following the Company's March 28, 2001 announcement, the price of JNI stock dropped to $7-3/8, or 94% below its Class Period high.Note: JNI, located in San Diego, is a designer and supplier of Fibre Channel hardware and software products that link servers and data storage devices to form storage area networks known as SANs. The Company markets application-specific integrated circuits, a broad range of Fibre Channel host bus adapters and software that facilitates advanced SAN device integration and management.
   				

           			On April 18, 2007, the Court entered the Mandate of the U.S. Court of Appeals affirming the Judgment of the District Court.According to the docket posted, on March 29, 2005, the Court entered the Orders granting the motion for award of attorney fees and reimbursement of expenses and the motion for approval of the class action settlement and the plan of allocation of the settlement.  That day, the Court further entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice, signed by U.S. District Judge Saundra B. Armstrong.  On April 28, 2005, the Objector Thorp Family filed a notice of appeal from the District Court decision dismissing the case.  That appeal is currently pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.By the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement of Class Action dated January 3, 2005, a settlement hearing will be held on March 29, 2005. The purpose of the Settlement Hearing will be to determine: (1) whether the settlement consisting of $6.935 million in cash should be approved as fair, reasonable and adequate to the Settling Parties; (2) whether the proposed plan to distribute the settlement proceeds (the “Plan of Allocation”) is fair, reasonable, and adequate; (3) whether the application by Co-Lead Counsel for an award of attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses should be approved; and (4) whether the Litigation should be dismissed with prejudice. As previously disclosed by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2004, starting in March 2001, several lawsuits were filed in United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers and directors on behalf of putative classes of persons who purchased the Company’s securities during time periods from December 1999 through December 6, 2000. One of the lawsuits also names as a defendant the underwriters for the Company’s offering of convertible notes. The lawsuits generally allege that the Company and certain individuals violated the federal securities laws by making false and misleading statements during 2000, including in the Company’s registration statement for its convertible notes offering. These lawsuits were consolidated as In re Ventro Corp. Sec. Litig., Master File No. Civ. 01-1287 SBA, and a consolidated complaint was filed. Following several motions to dismiss and the filing of amended complaints, the Court set a trial date for January 20, 2005 with respect to the issues remaining in the case, and discovery commenced. The parties have reached an agreement in principle to settle the securities action together with the settlement of the related derivative action. The Company’s portion of the settlement would be funded by insurance.The original complaint alleges that the company and certain of its officers violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5. During the class period, Ventro built and operated platforms for vertical business-to-business (B2B) e-commerce marketplace companies. The complaint also alleges that by 12/99, defendants knew that Ventro's existing business model did not work. But, the complaint alleges the defendants continued to make positive but false statements about Ventro's business and future revenues. Consequently, Ventro's stock traded as high as $243-1/2 per share during the class period.  On 12/06/2000, Ventro announced a restructuring in which it would close down two out of three of its main B2B marketplaces. In early 2001, it was revealed that Ventro's CEO and the other defendants realized by 12/1999 that Ventro's business model of independent marketplaces did not make sense and it was revealed that even Ventro'' partners were not satisfied with Ventro's technology for operating the marketplaces. By this time, Ventro's stock had declined to less than $2.00 per share. Defendants' misconduct wiped out over $4 billion in market capitalization as Ventro stock has fallen about 99% from its class period high of over $243 per share.
   				

           			On June 11, 2002, a Stipulation of Settlement was filed, and on October 9, 2002, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice by U.S. District Judge Margaret M. Morrow.  Pursuant to Rule 23 of the FRCP, the Court approved the settlement as set forth in Stipulation and the case was terminated.  The Court further entered the Order awarding attorney fees equal to 20% of the settlement fund, litigation costs in the amount of $54,576.92, and awarded $2,000.00 and $750.00 to lead plaintiffs Sanford Israel and Thomas Becker, respectively.According to the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2003, on June 18, 2001, the twenty actions were consolidated into a single action pursuant to stipulation of the parties, and lead plaintiffs' counsel was appointed.  In July 2001, all of the Company's directors were named as defendants in the above-entitled shareholder derivative lawsuit filed in Los Angeles Superior Court. In December 2001, the parties reached an agreement to settle both the class action litigation and the shareholder derivative lawsuit for the aggregate sum of $1.5 million, subject to final Court approval.  Of this amount, the Company's primary directors and officers liability insurance carrier agreed to contribute $575,000 toward the settlement, which amount was paid in December 2001.  The Company accrued its $925,000 share of the settlement in the fiscal year ended February 28, 2002.  Of this amount, $425,000 was paid by the Company in December 2001, and the remaining $500,000 was paid in October 2002 upon the Court's final approval of the settlement agreement.The original complaint was filed charging California Amplifier with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On March 29, 2001, California Amplifier announced that it will restate its fiscal 2000 financial statements because of accounting misstatements. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2007, a fairness hearing on the proposed settlement was held on April 24, 2006. On December 5, 2006, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit vacated the District Court’s class certification with respect to the focus cases and remanded the matter for further consideration. As a result, all matters in the case, including any settlement proposal, await determination of whether a newly defined class can meet with the approval of the Court. If a newly defined class is approved, new settlement discussions are likely to occur. As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2006, on August 8, 2001, Chief Judge Michael Mukasey of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York issued an order that transferred all of the so-called IPO allocation actions, including the complaints involving the Company, to one judge for coordinated pre-trial proceedings (Case No. 21 MC 92). The court has consolidated the actions into a single action. The plaintiffs contend that the defendants violated federal securities laws by issuing registration statements and prospectuses that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. Plaintiffs also challenge certain IPO allocation practices by underwriters and the lack of disclosure thereof in initial public offering documents. On April 19, 2002, plaintiffs filed amended complaints in each of the 310 consolidated actions, including the Red Hat action. The relief sought consists of unspecified damages. No discovery has occurred to date. The individual director and officer defendants have been dismissed from the case without prejudice. The Company believes these complaints are without merit and will defend itself vigorously in this matter. There can be no assurance, however, that this matter will be resolved in the Company’s favor. The Company, among other issuers, the plaintiffs, and the insurers, have agreed, in concept, to a proposed settlement whereby the Company would be released from this litigation without further payment from the Company. That proposed settlement has been submitted to the court for its consideration, and the court has accepted the proposed settlement subject to certain amendments. A fairness hearing on the proposed settlement was held on April 24, 2006.The original complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On August 11, 1999, Red Hat commenced an initial public offering of 6 million of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $14 per share (the "Red Hat IPO"). In connection therewith, Red Hat filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the "Prospectus"), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Red Hat shares issued in connection with the Red Hat IPO; and (ii) Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse had entered into agreements with customers whereby Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse agreed to allocate Red Hat shares to those customers in the Red Hat IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Red Hat shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				



           			According to the docket, on February 19, 2003, the Court issued the Memorandum Opinion and Order signed by U.S. District Judge David C Godbey granting the defendant’s motion to dismiss the Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint. On May 8, 2003, the Court entered the Judgment, pursuant to FRCP 58 and the Memorandum Opinion and Order filed on February 19. As previously disclosed by the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2002, in March and April of 2001, the Company was served with five lawsuits against it and the Company’s chairman, seeking to recover an unspecified amount of monetary damages allegedly caused by the Company's alleged fraudulent scheme to artificially inflate the price of the Company's common stock through a series of alleged false and misleading statements to the market and alleged material omissions in violation of federal and state securities laws. Four of the lawsuits are filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas and seek class action status on behalf of persons who purchased the Company's common stock on the open market during the period of December 29, 2000, through February 20, 2001. The fifth lawsuit was filed in the Dallas County Court of Law on behalf of a single stockholder that purchased the Company's common stock on the open market during the same time period. The claims against the Company in the fifth lawsuit have been dismissed without prejudice. The Company believes the lawsuits have no merit. During the pendency of the Chapter 11 case, plaintiffs have been stayed under section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code from pursuing the claims alleged in the lawsuits against the Company. The remaining defendant, the Company’s chairman, has filed a motion to dismiss but no discovery has yet occurred.The original complaint alleges defendants made misleading statements concerning a shelf registration of 8.5 million shares of Weblink's common stock, artificially inflated the stock price. The suit alleges that Beletic knew the sale of the stock would not meet the capital needs of the company. When that information was made public during a Feb. 21 conference call, the suit claims, the result was a one-day 42-percent drop in the company's share price. At the end of last year, the company announced the shelf registration along with an amendment to its credit facility that allows the company to borrow up to $80 million, with the potential for another $20 million. NOTE: On May 23, 2001, WebLink filed for relief under Chapter 11, Title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”).  Accordingly, under the stay provisions provided by §362 of the Bankruptcy Code, WebLink is longer a party to this action.
   				

           			According to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2005, in April 2005, the Company and its insurers funded the settlement fund following the court’s preliminary approval of the settlement. Of the total amount, the Company’s insurers paid approximately $31 million. The settlement received final court approval in June 2005, and the litigation has been dismissed with prejudice.Earlier, in April 2001, a series of similar federal complaints were filed against the Company and certain of its executive officers and directors. The complaints were consolidated into a single proceeding in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. In re Applied Micro Circuits Corp. Securities Litigation, lead case number 01-CV-0649-K(AB). The consolidated federal complaint alleged violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and was brought as a shareholder class action. In January 2005, the parties entered into a Memorandum of Understanding pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay $60 million to settle the litigation.The original complaint charges Applied Micro and certain of its officers and directors with misrepresenting the company's operations and prospects. Taking advantage of the inflation in Applied Micro's stock caused by their own statements, the Applied Mico insiders sold almost $100 million worth of their own Applied Micro stock at artificially inflated prices of as much as $87 per share. On 02/05/2001, after the close of the market, the truth about Applied Micro's operations and sudden filings by its officers to sell their personal holdings came under fire from analysts. Defendants were forced to disclose that in fact Applied Micro was experiencing large order cancellations with its OC-12, OC-48 and OC-192 products. This news sent Applied Micro's shares plummeting from $70 per share to as low as $53 per share on 02/06/2001.
   				

           			According to the docket, on May 9, 2002, the Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint.  On September 11, 2002, the Court entered the Order by U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer granting the motion to dismiss.  The case is closed.The original complaint charges BroadVision and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. BroadVision develops, markets and supports application software solutions designed for one-to-one relationship management across extended enterprises. The complaint alleges that by late 2000, BroadVision's stock price had declined significantly due to reduced demand for its products and slowing sales. By the time BroadVision reported its results for the 4thQ 2000 on 1/25/01, BroadVision's CEO and CFO were aware that the Company was suffering from a horrendous combination of declining demand and out of control expenses. They also knew BroadVision's new version of its One-to-One Enterprise product (Version 6.0), due to be released in the 1stQ 2001, did not meet most of the specifications of J2EE standards, which would reduce demand for this new product and further impact BroadVision's future results. The complaint further alleges that defendants knew these conditions would severely impair BroadVision's future revenue growth and impair their ability to make future stock sales and extract future bonuses that were tied to the Company's performance. Thus, defendants continued to make positive but false statements about BroadVision's business and future revenues when reporting BroadVision's 4thQ 2000 results.
   				



           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in the six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement. Plaintiffs have filed an amended complaint and filed a motion for class certification based on their amended allegations. It is uncertain whether there will be any revised or future settlement.The complaint alleges, among other things, that the investment banks which underwrote the company's initial public offering of securities, and others, received commissions and made agreements which were not disclosed, but should have been disclosed in the initial public offering prospectus, and which affected the price of our securities. Specifically, the complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 19(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Calico commenced an IPO of 4 million shares of common stock at an offering price of $14.00 per share. In connection therewith, Calico filed a registration statement, which incorporated a Prospectus with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose that:(i) Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse, Merrill Lynch and BancBoston had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which these companies allocated to investors material portions of the restricted number of Calico shares issued in connection with the Calico IPO; and (ii) Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse, Merrill Lynch and BancBoston had entered into agreements with customers whereby Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse, Merrill Lynch and BancBoston agreed to allocate Calico shares to those customers in the Calico IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Calico shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices.Note: According to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002 filed with the SEC, on December 14, 2001 Calico Commerce filed a voluntary petition for reorganization relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of California under Case No. 01-56101. On June 30, 2003, the company filed the First Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization, which the Court confirmed on August 14, 2003. Among other things, the plan provides for resolution of the purported class claim filed in the Company's bankruptcy case by the plaintiffs in this class action lawsuit by transferring jurisdiction and venue over the class action claim for settlement or judgment to the District Court, and limiting the sources of recovery on the claim to the proceeds of directors' and officers insurance policies issued to the Company and to certain claims assigned to a litigation trust for the plaintiffs' benefit.
   				

           			According to Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.’s RM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 28, 2007, on August 14, 2007, plaintiffs filed amended class action complaints that seek to address the issues raised by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals December 5, 2006, decision denying class certification. Plaintiffs are seeking class certification in connection with the amended complaints, and defendants are opposing those efforts.As summarized byMerrill Lynch & Co., Inc.’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2005, Merrill Lynch has been named as one of the defendants in approximately 110 securities class action complaints alleging that dozens of underwriting defendants, including Merrill Lynch, artificially inflated and maintained the stock prices of the relevant securities by creating an artificially high aftermarket demand for shares. On October 13, 2004, the district court, having previously denied defendants’ motions to dismiss, issued an order allowing certain of these cases to proceed against the underwriters as class actions. On June 30, 2005, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit entered an order agreeing to review the district court’s order granting plaintiffs’ motion for class certification. The matter has now been fully briefed, and the parties are awaiting a decision from the Court of Appeals. The complaint alleges that the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on February 24, 2000 for the issuance and initial public offering (IPO) of one million Depository Receipts called B2B Internet Holdrs depositary receipts contained material misrepresentation and/or omissions. The complaint further alleges that the B2B Internet Holdrs depositary receipts were "basket securities" whose price was directly related to, and moved with, the price of 20 underlying securities held in the B2B Internet Holdrs trust. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling B2B Internet Holdrs Depositary Receipts, in an IPO on February 23, 2000, pursuant to a registration statement and prospectus that were materially false and misleading because they failed to disclose that a substantial proportion of the B2B Internet Holdrs trust's initial portfolio consisted of stocks whose prices had been artificially inflated through the use of improper practices relating to their initial public offering, and that they therefore traded at artificially inflated prices. The price of B2B Internet Holdrs has fallen from a March 14, 2000 high of $108 per B2B Internet Holdr to a low of $4.26 on April 3, 2001. 
   				

           			By the Order and Final Judgment dated October 15, 2003, the Settlement as set forth in the Stipulation is approved as fair, reasonable and adequate, and in the best interest of the Class. The company's insurer will cover substantially all of the $550,000 in total settlement costs. The action is dismissed with prejudice and without costs as against the OPUS360 defendants, the Underwriter defendants, Carlos Cashman, Safeguard Scientifics, CompusCom Systems, Admiral, Artemis, Artemis Management Systems, Proha, and each of their past or present subsidiaries, as further set forth in this document signed by Judge John G. Koeltl. According to an article dated April 21, 2003, Vol. 5, No. 77, in October 2001, the Company and all other defendants filed motions to dismiss the amended complaint.  By Opinion and Order dated October 2, 2002, the court granted all of the motions and dismissed the amended complaint, but granted plaintiffs leave to serve a second consolidated amended class action complaint. On October 30, 2002, plaintiffs served their second amended complaint, which contains allegations similar to those in the amended complaint.   The defendants, including the Company, moved to dismiss the second amended complaint on December 31, 2002.  Briefing on defendants' motion to dismiss the second amended complaint is scheduled for completion by April 25, 2003. In the interim, the parties have reached an agreement in principle to settle all claims asserted and that could have been asserted in this litigation.  Under the terms of the proposed settlement, which is still subject to further documentation and court approval, most of the settlement proceeds would be paid by the insurance carrier pursuant to the Company's D&O coverage, and the Company would pay an immaterial amount. The original Complaint alleges that the Prospectus and Registration Statement filed with the SEC and distributed to OPUS investors was false and misleading and failed to disclose, among other things, that OPUS XCHANGE, one of its flagship products did not work as claimed and contained fatal flaws. The Complaint also charges that the Registration Statement distributed in connection with OPUS' IPO failed to disclose that it would be necessary for OPUS to complete a secondary financing within 12 months of the IPO. It also alleges that OPUS' disclosures regarding its financing needs and ability to maintain its planned growth rate were misleading to investors.
   				





           			According to an article from October 2007, Plaintiffs in this individual class action, one of several hundred consolidated before this Court, have reached a settlement agreement with the Defendants and seek the Court's approval of the terms. The Complaint, which includes claims against Underwriter Defendants Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse First Boston, and Robert Fleming, Inc., has withstood a motion to dismiss, the parties have pursued court-ordered mediation, engaged in extensive discovery, and, thereafter, achieved settlement through direct negotiations. … the Court deems the settlement amount of $ 2.5 million or an average recovery of $ .08 per share (before deductions for attorney fees and costs) acceptable and approves the deal preliminarily.On March 1, 2007, the Court entered the Opinion and Order # 94329 signed by U.S. District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin.  According to the Order, the plaintiffs’ motion for preliminary approval of the proposed settlement is granted. The proposed settlement class is certified consistent with the settling parties. The proposed settlement is preliminarily approved. A conference is scheduled for March 16, 2007, at 5:00 P.M., in Courtroom 15C. The settling parties are hereby directed to submit on or before March 9, 2007, a revised proposed class settlement notice that is consistent with this Opinion.According to the Company’s FORM 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2005, on November 24, 2003, plaintiffs' counsel in the Khanna action and Shives action filed a Consolidated Amended Securities Class Action Complaint ("Consolidated Complaint") which incorporates the material allegations from Khanna action and Shives action. On January 30, 2004, the Company and its officers and directors filed a motion to dismiss the Consolidated Complaint. The underwriter defendants filed a separate motion to dismiss. On October 15, 2004 the District Court judge granted in part and denied in part the motions to dismiss and set a pre-trial discovery schedule. At a status conference held on January 26, 2005, the District Court judge set a deadline for pre-trial fact discovery and referred the parties to a magistrate judge for settlement discussions. The class action lawsuit was filed allegeing violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933. On June 14, 2000, Rediff commenced an IPO of 4.6 million of its ADSs at an offering price of $12 per share. In connection therewith, Rediff filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the "Prospectus"), with the SEC. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Rediff's advertising client base was composed primarily of startups, while the Prospectus listed internationally known and well-heeled companies as "representative" of its advertising clients; (ii) prior to the IPO, Rediff had experienced significant problems with its email software systems which hindered its ability to attract viewers and advertisers to its Internet portal; (iii) a significant number of advertising contracts would terminate by December 2000, and (iv) the Prospectus stated that defendant Li had graduated from Stanford University, when he had not. On March 22, 2001, Rediff issued a press release announcing that revenue for its fourth fiscal quarter of 2001 would decline by 30%-35% from the prior quarter's sales. Also on March 22, 2001, it was reported that defendant Li had not graduated from Stanford University. On May 3, 2001, the price of Rediff ADSs closed at $3.12 -- a 74% decline from its IPO price of $12 per ADS. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended January 31, 2003, since April 11, 2001, several securities class action complaints have been filed against the Company, and certain of its current and former officers and directors. In August 2001, the class action lawsuits were consolidated in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. On October 19, 2001, the lead plaintiffs filed an amended class action complaint naming the Company and certain of the Company’s former officers and a current director as defendants. The amended class action complaint alleges claims under section 10(b) and section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and claims under sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933. The amended complaint sought an unspecified amount of damages on behalf of persons who purchased the Company’s stock during a class period between March 31, 2000 and April 30, 2001. In July 2002, the Company reached an agreement with the plaintiffs to settle the class action lawsuit in order to avoid protracted and expensive litigation and the uncertainty of the outcome at a trial. The agreement for settlement does not constitute any admission of wrongdoing on the part of Versata or the individual defendants. The Company’s settlement calls for a payment of $9.75 million in cash by our insurance carriers, the issuance of 200,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, and for certain corporate therapeutics. The holders of the settlement stock have a put option of $3.50 per share during a period of 20 trading days commencing one year from the date of distribution; provided however, the put options shall expire if Versata shares trade above $3.50 per share for 15 consecutive trading days during the one year period following the date of distribution of the settlement stock. On February 14, 2003, the court approved the settlement agreement. The Company accrued $700,000 for this liability in accrued restructuring and other in fiscal 2002.By the Notice of Pendency and Settlement, the parties reached an agreement-in-principle to settle the action. The proposed Settlement creates a Settlement Fund worth a minimum of $10,450,000. Depending on the number of eligible shares purchased by Settlement Class Members who elect to participate in the Settlement and when those shares were purchased and sold, the estimated average recovery per share will be approximately $0.41 before deduction of Court-approved fees and expenses. If the Settlement is approved by the Court, counsel for the Representative Plaintiffs will apply to the Court for attorneys' fees of 25% of the Settlement Fund. Counsel also plan to seek reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses from the Settlement proceeds. If the amount requested by counsel is approved by the Court, the average cost per share would be $0.11.The original complaint charges Versata and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that during the Class Period, Versata made false statements about its business and prospects and reported favorable but false financial results causing its stock to trade at artificially inflated levels of as high as $100-15/16 per share. Then, on March 29, 2001, Versata shocked the investment community with an announcement that its reported financial statements were under investigation. On this news, Versata's shares plummeted to as low as $0.28, or 99% lower than its Class Period high of $100-15/16.
   				

           			According to the lead counsel’s website, there was a partial settlement of $12 million, but the action is continuing against other defendants.The original complaint alleges that the Winstar made material misrepresentations and omissions of material facts concerning the company's business performance during the relevant time. The complaint also alleges that other defendants, not just the issuer defendant, repeatedly assured investors that the company was performing well, enjoying strong grwoth and well funded to follow its growth-oriented business plan throughout Q1 2002. At the same time, the defendants knew or disregarded that Winstar was overstating revenues and assets. In 04/2001, contrary to prior representations, Winstar announced that it was halting its expansion and laying off thousands of employees. The company delayed the filing of its annual Reports with the SEC and its stock price collapsed.More specifically, throughout the class period, defendants engaged in a variety of manipulative and deceptive schemes that served to vastly overstate Winstar's business success, sales and earnings and to facilitate a massive fraud on public investors. Among other things, Winstar engaged in numerous highly suspicious and unusual "end-of-quarter" transactions with Lucent - Winstar's largest supplier and single largest source of financing - and with other parties that served to falsely and artificially inflate the Company's reported sales and earnings. Most of these transactions lacked economic substance and could not properly serve as the basis for reported sales and revenues. As a result, much of the Company's reported revenues and earnings during the Class Period were fictitious in nature.NOTE: Winstar is not named as a defendant in this case because it filed for bankruptcy protection in April 2001.
   				



           			According to the Order, dated January 30, 2003, from the U.S. District Judge John F. Walter of the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, the action is settled and dismissed without prejudice.  The case is closed. The original complaint was filed on behalf of minority shareholders against Big Fat Fish, Inc., and certain of its directors and officers.  The action alleges misrepresentations and omissions to state facts in connection with the sale of securities in violation of Rule 10b-5, 15 USC Section 78j(b);  a scheme to defraud in connection with the sale of securities, in violation of Rule 10b-5, 15 U.S.C. Section 78j(b); and unfair business practices, in violation of California Business & Professions Code Section 17200, et seq., and California common law prohibiting unfair competition, in a conspiracy to defraud BFF and embezzle BFF's rights to the Technology and its other assets.
   				

           			According to the FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2002, on September 23, 2002, following a hearing, the Court entered a final order approving the settlement and dismissing the action at which time Company's insurance carrier paid $2.0 million into escrow and the Company issued 1.7 million shares into escrow. The time to appeal has expired. As of December 31, 2001, the Company recorded the fair value of the 1.7 million shares of Common Stock of $7,837,000, as an increase to additional paid-in capital.In March, April and May of 2001, eleven stockholder class actions were filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania against the Company and certain of its officers and directors seeking unspecified damages. The lawsuits alleged that the Company and its officers made false and misleading statements about the Company's drug candidate, Aptosyn(R), which caused artificial inflation of the Company's stock price during the class period of October 27, 1999 to September 22, 2000, when the Company announced that the FDA had informed the Company that it would be receiving a "not approvable" letter for its new drug application for Aptosyn(R).Specifically, the original complaint alleges, among other things, that in the clinical trials of Aptosyn in the treatment of FAP patients (1) representations that Aptosyn reduced polyp formation across the entire colorectum of FAP patients, when, in fact, the patients' colons had been surgically removed before the trials; (2) defendants' representations that treatment with Aptosyn caused regression of polyps, all of the patients polyps had been removed before the trials; and (3) defendants' representations that Aptosyn was a chemopreventive for FAP patients were misleading because less than one percent of adenomatous polyps become malignant, and, without complete regression of all colorectal polyps there is no evidence that reduction in polyps results in a decrease in colorectal cancer in FAP patients.  The Complaint also alleges that defendants misrepresented the comparative toxicity of Aptosyn and competing drugs, and that defendants' representation that Aptosyn was an alternative to surgery for FAP patients was misleading. The complaint further alleges, that on September 22, 2000, when CPI announced that the U.S. Food & Drug Administration ("FDA") refused to approve Aptosyn as a treatment for FAP, which occurs when the clinical trial evidence of the efficacy and safety of a drug is inadequate. In reaction, Cell Pathways' stock, which traded as high as $61 a share during the Class Period, quickly fell from nearly $21 a share to about $9 a share, a 70% drop in value.
   				

           			As reported by the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 30, 2004, in January 2004, the Company entered into an agreement to settle the lawsuits, without admitting any of the allegations against the Company or its officers, and agreed to pay $7.0 million for the dismissal of all claims, which is within the Company’s insurance coverage limits and has been agreed to by the Company’s insurance carriers. On June 10, 2004, the court agreed to the settlement and issued a final order dismissing the case with prejudice. Earlier, according to the same SEC filing, several class action lawsuits were filed against the Company and certain of the Company’s current officers in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas, commencing in April 2001. The lawsuits were consolidated into one class action lawsuit on August 16, 2001, and the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint on February 1, 2002. In the consolidated complaint the plaintiffs alleged, among other things, that during the financial periods that were restated, the Company made materially false and misleading statements about the status and effectiveness of a management information and accounting system used by the Company’s components division and costs associated with that system, failed to assure that the system maintained books and records accurately reflecting inventory levels and costs of goods sold, failed to maintain internal controls on manual accounting entries made to certain inventory-related accounts in an effort to correct the data in the system, otherwise engaged in improper accounting practices that overstated earnings, and issued materially false and misleading financial statements. The plaintiffs further alleged that the individual defendants traded in the Company’s common stock while in possession of material, non-public information regarding the foregoing. The plaintiffs in the consolidated complaint asserted various claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and sought unspecified amounts of compensatory damages, interest and costs, including legal fees. On March 15, 2002, the Company filed a motion to dismiss plaintiffs’ consolidated complaint and a memorandum in support. The origianl class action complaint alleges NCI and two of its former top officers with knowingly or recklessly engaging in improper accounting practices that forced the company to restate its financial statements for the fiscal year that ended October 31, 2000, and for the quarter that ended January 31, 2001. In addition, the company said that those same "accounting errors" could result in changes to financial statements for the third and fourth quarters of 1999. The complaint further alleges that NCI said that a computer system installed in May of 1999 routinely processaed some accounting entries incorrectly - and that employees later altered the company's books manually to mask the errors made by the automated system. The company says it fired the employees responsible for the accounting irregularities.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2002, on May 7, 2002, the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland issued an order granting the Company its motion to dismiss the Consolidated Claims. As previously disclosed by the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001, from April through June 2001, five class action complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia against the Company and certainof its executive officers and directors alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 10b-5.  The complaints were brought on behalf of persons who purchased the Company's common stock from November 14, 2000 through March 29, 2001 (the "Class Period"). In June 2001, the parties stipulated to transfer the cases to the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland.  In July 2001, the Court appointed lead plaintiffs and approved their selection of counsel. In September 2001, lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint alleging violations of the same securities laws and regulations and alleging the same Class Period. Specifically, plaintiffs allege that defendants made false and misleading statements concerning the Company's financial condition and operations and artificially inflated the market price of the Company's securities during the Class Period.  In November 2001, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint. The plaintiffs have responded to such motion and the Company has since filed a reply memorandum of law in support of its motion to dismiss the plaintiffs' consolidated amended complaint.  The original complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market during the Class Period, thereby artificially inflating the price of Humphrey securities. According to the complaint, Humphrey is a self-administered real estate investment trust ("REIT"). As of December 31, 2000, Humphrey owned 92 existing limited service hotels (the "Hotels") and one office building. The Hotels (containing approximately 6,400 rooms in 19 states) and office building are leased to Humphrey Hospitality Management, Inc. and its subsidiary Supertel Hospitality Management, Inc. (the "Lessee"). Specifically, the complaint alleges that defendants conditioned the market to believe in the strength of Humphrey's financial condition, and that Humphrey's conservative fiscal policies meant that its dividend was secure. The complaint further alleges that on March 29, 2001, the Company shocked the market by announcing that its Lessee advised that, without a substantial reduction in the rent, it would be unable to lease and operate the hotels; and that the Board of Directors had established "a committee of independent directors" to "explore alternatives available to the (Company)." Humphrey also announced that its dividend would be reduced for monthly payments subsequent to those payable to shareholders of record on March 30, 2001. Humphrey common stock opened at $7.0938 per share on March 29, 2001 and closed that day at $4.7812 that day on volume of 217,200 shares, approximately seven times its average volume.
   				

           			According to the Company’s Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004, on July 31, 2003, the Company agreed, together with over three hundred other companies similarly situated, to settle with the Plaintiffs. A Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”), along with a separate agreement and a performance bond of $1 billion issued by the insurers for these companies is a guarantee, allocated pro rata amongst all issuer companies, to the plaintiffs as part of an overall recovery against all defendants including the underwriter defendants who are not a signatory to the MOU. Any recovery by the plaintiffs against the underwriter defendants reduces amount to be paid by the issuer companies. The settlement documents are in process and it is anticipated that we will execute the settlement documents in 2005. This settlement will require approval of the members of the class of plaintiffs and the court. According to the same SEC filing, in June 2001, three putative stockholder class action lawsuits were filed against Accelerated Networks, certain of its then officers and directors and several investment banks that were underwriters of Accelerated Networks’ initial public offering. The cases, which have since been consolidated, were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The Court appointed a lead plaintiff on April 16, 2002, and plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint (the “Complaint”) on April 19, 2002. The Complaint was filed on behalf of investors who purchased Accelerated Networks’ stock between June 22, 2000 and December 6, 2000 and alleged violations of Sections 11 and 15 of the 1933 Act and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) and Rule 10b-5 of the 1934 Act against one or both of Accelerated Networks and the individual defendants. The claims were based on allegations that the underwriter defendants agreed to allocate stock in Accelerated Networks’ initial public offering to certain investors in exchange for excessive and undisclosed commissions and agreements by those investors to make additional purchases in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. Plaintiffs alleged that the prospectus for Accelerated Networks’ initial public offering was false and misleading in violation of the securities laws because it did not disclose these arrangements. These lawsuits are part of the massive “IPO allocation” litigation involving the conduct of underwriters in allocating shares of successful initial public offerings. The Company believes that over three hundred other companies have been named in more than one thousand similar lawsuits that have been filed by some of the same plaintiffs’ law firms. In October 2002, the plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed the individual defendants without prejudice. On February 19, 2003 a motion to dismiss filed by the issuer defendants was heard and the court dismissed the 10(b), 20(a) and Rule 10b-5 claims against Occam. The original securities class action lawsuit charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectus was issued in connection with Accelerated Networks' IPO. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Accelerated Networks shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Accelerated Networks shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement. In June 2004, a stipulation of settlement and release of claims against the issuer defendants, including the Company, was submitted to the court for approval. The terms of the settlement if approved, would dismiss and release all claims against the participating defendants (including the Company). In exchange for this dismissal, D&O insurance carriers would agree to guarantee a recovery by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants of at least $1 billion, and the issuer defendants would agree to an assignment or surrender to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters. On August 31, 2005, the court confirmed preliminary approval of the settlement.According to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2004, beginning in April 2001, a number of substantially identical class action complaints alleging violations of the federal securities laws were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York naming Marimba, Inc., certain of its officers and directors, and certain underwriters of the company’s initial public offering (Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc., Credit Suisse First Boston Corp. and Bear Stearns & Co., Inc.) as defendants. The complaints have since been consolidated into a single action, and a consolidated amended complaint was filed in April 2002. Similar complaints have been filed against over 300 other issuers that had initial public offerings since 1998 and all such actions have been included in a single coordinated proceeding. In July 2002, the defendants in the consolidated actions filed motions to dismiss all of the cases in the litigation (including the case involving Marimba). On February 19, 2003, the court ruled on the motions and granted Marimba’s motion to dismiss the claims against it under Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5. The motions to dismiss the claims under Section 11 were denied as to virtually all of the defendants in the consolidated cases, including Marimba. In addition, the Marimba individual defendants in the litigation each signed a tolling agreement and were dismissed from the action without prejudice on October 9, 2002. On June 30, 2003, a special committee of our Board of Directors conditionally approved a proposed partial settlement with the plaintiffs in this matter. The settlement would provide, among other things, a release of Marimba and Marimba’s individual defendants for the conduct alleged in the action to be wrongful. Marimba would agree to undertake other responsibilities under the partial settlement, including agreeing to assign away, not assert and release certain potential claims Marimba may have against its underwriters. Any direct financial impact of the proposed settlement is expected to be borne by Marimba’s insurers. The special committee agreed to approve the settlement subject to a number of conditions, including the participation of a substantial number of other issuer defendants in the proposed settlement, the consent of Marimba’s insurers to the settlement, and the completion of acceptable final settlement documentation. Furthermore, the settlement is subject to a hearing on fairness and approval by the court overseeing the litigation.The complaint was filed alleging violations of Sections 11, 12(a) (2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that (i) Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse and Bear Stearns had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, and Bear Stearns allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Marimba shares issued in connection with the Marimba IPO; and (ii) Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse and Bear Stearns had entered into agreements with customers whereby Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse and Bear Stearns agreed to allocated Marimba shares to those customers in the Marimba IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Marimba shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				



           			As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2002, in September 2002, the matter was settled and final judgment was entered by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida dismissing the case with prejudice and otherwise confirming the settlement terms contained in the Memorandum of Understanding.  The settlement releases the directors, management personnel, underwriters and securities firms named as defendants in the litigation from further liability relating to the IPO; however, stockholders of 119,000 shares of PRTS opted out of the settlement, and one such stockholder has filed a lawsuit in California State Court. The Company believe that the allegations contained in this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this action. The Company believes the resolution of this matter will not have a material impact upon the Company's consolidated financial statements, results of operations or cash flows.Earlier, according to the same SEC filing, in April and May 2001, the Company received notice of, or had been served with, four purported class action lawsuits (Foderaro vs. PartsBase.com, Inc. et al, Case No.: 01-8319 CIV- FERGUSON; IKCYBERINVESTMENTS vs. PartsBase.com, Inc. et al, Case No.: 01-8368 CIV-SEITZ; and Webb vs. PartsBase, et.al. Case No.01-8376 CIV  GRAHAM and Jesus Martin vs. PartsBase.com, Inc. et al, Case No. 01-8526-CIV-UNGARO-BENAGES).  These cases were consolidated into one action entitled, In re: PartsBase.com, Inc. Securities Litigation, Case No. 01-8319-CIV-UNGARO-BENAGES/BROWN.  The consolidated lawsuit named as defendants the Company, certain of its current and former officers and directors, and the underwriters of its initial public offering of securities.  The consolidated lawsuit alleged violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of  1933 and alleged the Company's March 2000 registration statement misrepresented and failed to disclose matters related to the Company's business operations and membership sales. The complaint alleged damages of nearly $42 million.  The Court certified a class consisting of purchasers of the Company's common stock in the offering during the period from March 22, 2000 through April 25, 2000. The Company maintained a director and officer's liability insurance policy that provides $3 million of coverage, with a retention of $200,000. As of September 30, 2002, the Company had incurred and previously charged the retention of $200,000 to expense.  In May 2002, the Company reached an agreement in principle for the settlement of the consolidated class action. The plaintiffs in the case and the defendants, entered into a Memorandum of Understanding outlining the general terms of the proposed settlement. The Memorandum of Understanding provided for, among other things, a settlement amount of $1.5 million in cash, plus interest, payable to the class under an insurance policy and for the plaintiffs' dismissal of the class action with prejudice as well as a broad form of release in favor of PartsBase and the other defendants in the class action which, among other things, will have the effect of barring all claims by the plaintiffs and the members of the class other than those who opt out, arising out of the purchase and sale of the Company's  common stock in the Company's initial public offering of securities.The original complaint alleges that as a result of the misrepresentations and material omissions, investors suffered millions of dollars in damages. PartsBase stock closed at $1.05 on April 23, 2001, far below the offering price of $13 per share.
   				

           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in the six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement. Plaintiffs have filed an amended complaint and filed a motion for class certification based on their amended allegations. It is uncertain whether there will be any revised or future settlement. According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2004, the action against the Company is being coordinated with approximately three hundred other nearly identical actions filed against other companies. On June 25, 2003, a committee of the Company’s board of directors approved a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”), which has now been memorialized in a settlement agreement and related agreements that set forth the terms of a settlement between the Company, the plaintiff class and a vast majority of the other approximately 300 issuer defendants. Among other provisions, the settlement provides for a release of the Company and the individual defendants for the conduct alleged in the action to be wrongful. The Company would agree to undertake certain responsibilities, including agreeing to assign, not assert, or release certain potential claims the Company may have against its underwriters. No estimate can be made of the possible loss or possible range of losses associated with the resolution of this matter and it is anticipated that any potential financial obligation of the Company to plaintiffs pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement and related agreements will be covered by existing insurance. Therefore, the Company does not expect that the settlement will involve any material payment by the Company and no liability associated with these lawsuits has been recorded at September 30, 2004. The settlement agreement has been submitted to the Court for approval. Approval by the Court cannot be assured. On October 13, 2004, the Court certified a class in six of the approximately 300 other nearly identical actions and noted that the decision is intended to provide strong guidance to all parties regarding class certification in the remaining cases. Plaintiffs have not yet moved to certify a class in the Company’s case.The original complaint was filed alleging violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On January 14, 1999, MarketWatch commenced an initial public offering of 2,750,000 of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $17.00 per share (the "MarketWatch IPO"). In connection therewith, MarketWatch filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the "Prospectus"), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that (i) Salomon, BancBoston, Bear Stearns, Credit Suisse, Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Salomon, BancBoston, Bear Stearns, Credit Suisse, Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of MarketWatch shares issued in connection with the MarketWatch IPO; and (ii) Salomon, BancBoston, Bear Stearns, Credit Suisse, Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley had entered into agreements with customers whereby Salomon, BancBoston, Bear Stearns, Credit Suisse, Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley agreed to allocated MarketWatch shares to those customers in the MarketWatch IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional MarketWatch shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				

           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in the six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement. Plaintiffs have filed an amended complaint and filed a motion for class certification based on their amended allegations. It is uncertain whether there will be any revised or future settlement. According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2001, between April and June 2001, eight purported class action lawsuits werefiled in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York againstcertain of Autoweb's current and former directors and officers and underwritersinvolved in Autoweb's initial public offering. The foregoing actions purport toallege violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Actof 1934. The enumerated complaints have only recently been filed. Two motionsseeking lead counsel status were filed on June 19, 2001. Autoweb anticipatesthat all actions, except for possibly one separate lawsuit, will ultimately beconsolidated into one action and that a consolidated complaint will be filedafter appointment of lead plaintiff(s). All of the cases have been assigned toone judge in the Southern District of New York. As of July 13, 2001 Autoweb andthe other defendants had not yet answered any of the complaints listed above,and discovery had not yet commenced. Autoweb believes that it has meritoriousdefenses to the complaints and intends to vigorously defend the actions. Inaddition, Autoweb believes that its underwriters may have an obligation toindemnify Autoweb against these claims under the terms of the underwriterengagement letter for the initial public offering.The complaint alleges that defendants violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling Autoweb.com common stock pursuant to the IPO without disclosing to investors that some of the underwriters in the offering, including the lead underwriters, had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. The complaint alleges that, in exchange for the excessive commissions, lead underwriters Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation and BancBoston Robertson Stephens, Inc., together with underwriters Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., Incorporated and Salomon Smith Barney, Inc. allocated Autoweb.com shares to customers at the IPO price of $14.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $14.00, the underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of Autoweb.com stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as "laddering") was intended to(and did) drive Autoweb.com's share price up to artificially high levels. Thisartificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwritersand their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $14.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices,which rose as high as $41.00 during its first day of trading. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the Autoweb.com offering contained material misstatement regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO transaction and failed to disclose the additional commissions and "laddering" scheme discussed above.
   				

           			According to the FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2007, on December 5, 2006, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit issued a decision that six purported class action lawsuits containing allegations substantially similar to those asserted against the Company may not be certified as class actions due, in part, to the Appeals Court’s determination that individual issues of reliance and knowledge would predominate over issues common to the proposed classes. On January 8, 2007, the plaintiffs filed a petition seeking rehearing en banc of this ruling. On April 6, 2007 the Court of Appeals denied the plaintiffs’ petition for rehearing of the Court’s December 5, 2006 ruling but noted that the plaintiffs remained free to ask the District Court to certify classes different from the ones originally proposed which might meet the standards for class certification that the Court of Appeals articulated in its December 5, 2006 decision. The plaintiffs have since moved for certification of different classes in the District Court, and that motion remains pending. In light of the Court of Appeals’ December 5, 2006 decision regarding certification of the plaintiffs’ claims, the District Court entered an order on June 25, 2007 terminating the proposed settlement between the plaintiffs and the issuers, including Avici.  … In addition, Avici received a letter dated July 25, 2007 from a putative shareholder demanding that the Company investigate and prosecute a claim for alleged short-swing trading in violation of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by the underwriters of its IPO and certain unidentified directors, officers and shareholders of the Company. Avici evaluated the demand and declined to prosecute the claim. On October 3, 2007, the putative shareholder commenced a civil lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington against the lead underwriters of Avici’s IPO. Avici is named as a nominal defendant against whom the plaintiff currently seeks no recovery. No directors or officers of the Company are named as defendants in this action.As summarized by the same SEC filing, twelve purported securities class action lawsuits were filed against Avici and one or more of Avici’s underwriters in Avici’s initial public offering, and certain officers and directors of Avici. The lawsuits alleged violations of the federal securities laws and were docketed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the “Court”). On April 19, 2002, a consolidated amended class action complaint (the “Complaint”), which superseded these twelve purported securities class action lawsuits, was filed in the Court. The Complaint is captioned “In re Avici Systems, Inc. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation” (21 MC 92, 01 Civ. 3363 (SAS)) and names as defendants Avici, certain of the underwriters of Avici’s initial public offering, and certain of Avici’s officers and directors. … On July 15, 2002, Avici, together with the other issuers named as defendants in these coordinated proceedings, filed a collective motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaints against them on various legal grounds common to all or most of the issuer defendants. On October 9, 2002, the Court dismissed without prejudice all claims against the individual current and former officers and directors who were named as defendants in our litigation, and they are no longer parties to the lawsuit. On February 19, 2003, the Court issued its ruling on the motions to dismiss filed by the issuer defendants and separate motions to dismiss filed by the underwriter defendants. In that ruling, the Court granted in part and denied in part those motions. As to the claims brought against Avici under the antifraud provisions of the securities laws, the Court dismissed all of these claims with prejudice, and refused to allow the plaintiffs an opportunity to re-plead these claims against Avici. As to the claims brought under the registration provisions of the securities laws, which do not require that intent to defraud be pleaded, the Court denied the motion to dismiss these claims as to Avici and as to substantially all of the other issuer defendants as well. The Court also denied the underwriter defendants’ motion to dismiss in all respects. In June 2003, Avici elected to participate in a proposed settlement agreement with the plaintiffs in this litigation. If the proposed settlement had been approved by the Court, it would have resulted in the dismissal, with prejudice, of all claims in the litigation against Avici and against any of the other issuer defendants who elected to participate in the proposed settlement, together with the current or former officers and directors of participating issuers who were named as individual defendants. This proposed settlement was conditioned on, among other things, a ruling by the District Court that the claims against Avici and against the other issuers who had agreed to the settlement would be certified for class action treatment for purposes of the proposed settlement, such that all investors included in the proposed classes in these cases would be bound by the terms of the settlement unless an investor opted to be excluded from the settlement.The original lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 11, 12 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated by the SEC thereunder and seeks to recover damages. The complaint alleges that Avici and certain of itsofficers and directors violated the federal securities laws by issuing andselling Avici common stock pursuant to the initial public offering withoutdisclosing to investors that at least two of the lead underwriters and one ofthe other underwriters of the IPO had solicited and received excessive andundisclosed commissions from certain investors. In exchange for the excessive commissions, the complaint alleges, lead underwriters Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. and Lehman Brothers, Inc. and underwriter FleetBoston Robertson Stephens, Inc. allocated Avici shares to customers at the IPO price of $31.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $31.00, the defendant underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers makeadditional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of Avici stockrocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as "laddering") was intended to (and did) drive Avici's share price up to artificially high levels. Thisartificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwritersand their customers to reap enormous profits by buying Avici stock at the $31.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $102.00 during its first day of trading. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the RegistrationStatement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the Avicioffering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO and failed to disclose the additional commissions and "laddering" scheme discussed above.
   				

           			According to the docket, on December 7, 2004, the Court entered the Decision and Order by U.S. District Judge Charles J. Siragusa granting in part and denying in part the motion for settlement.  The Court gives final certification to this action as a class action, and approves the settlement of the case for the sum of $12,500,000.00. The Court further directs that payments be made to lead counsel as follows: 1) an award of $3,125,000.00 for attorneys’ fees; 2) an award of $197,331.65 for expenses; 3) an award of $250.00 to Kenneth Slater; 4) an award of $550.00 to Agnes Tang; and 5) an award of $832.63 to Joseph Hannon.  On December 20, 2004, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment.As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarter Ended September 25, 2004, all direct claims against the Company’s CFO have been dismissed by the Court. Additionally, certain claims against the Company and certain direct claims against the Company’s former Chairman and CEO and the Company’s former President have been dismissed. In the plaintiffs' remaining direct and secondary claims it is alleged that the value of the Company's stock was inflated artificially by alleged false and misleading statements about expected financial results. The plaintiffs seek to represent a class of shareholders who purchased company Common stock between January 27, 2000 and August 24, 2000. On October 15, 2001, the April 13, 2001 matter was consolidated with other matters raising similar claims. On August 2, 2004, the parties executed a settlement agreement, which is subject to the Court's approval, to settle this matter for $12.5 million in cash, all of which will be paid by the Company's insurance carrier. The settlement agreement is subject to final review at a fairness hearing, which will be held on or about November 5, 2004.The original class action lawsuit charges defendants with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5. Specifically, the complaint alleges that defendants violated the federal securities laws by issuing false and misleading statements concerning the company’s business prospects, revenue and net income. When the company finally revealed an accurate description of the company’s true financial condition, the stock price dropped precipitously, thereby resulting in substantial damages to shareholders.
   				

           			On December 5, 2006, the Court entered the Revised Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice signed by U.S. District Judge James Ware.  The settlement was approved.  That day, the Court also entered the Orders granting approval of the plan of allocation and awarding plaintiffs’ counsel attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses.According to a press release dated August 18, 2006, Cisco Systems Inc., said that it has reached an agreement to resolve a shareholder class action lawsuit filed in 2001 against the company and certain current and former directors and officers over allegations of insider trading. Under the terms of the settlement, liability insurers for Cisco and its directors and officers will pay $91.75 million to the plaintiffs. The payment will have no impact on Cisco's financial position or results of operations, the company said in a release. The agreement is subject to final documentation and court approval. The recovery, less fees and expenses, will be distributed to purchasers of Cisco common stock between Nov. 10, 1999 and Feb. 6, 2001 who timely file valid proofs of claim under procedures to be implemented by the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California.By the Stipulation and Order Dismissing Certain Individual Defendants signed by U.S. District Judge James Ware on March 9, 2006, the plaintiffs agree to dismiss the action with prejudice against two individual defendants.The original complaint charges that the company and certain of its officers and directors violated the federal securities laws. After completing more than 20 major acquisitions between 9/99 and 2/01, by issuing more than 400 million shares of Cisco stock, and selling more than 10 million shares of their personal Cisco holdings, on 2/6/01, Cisco announced extremely disappointing 2ndQ F01 results, including EPS of only $0.18. This disclosure shocked the market, causing Cisco's stock to decline to less than $30 per share before closing at $31-1/16 per share on 2/7/01, on record volume of more than 279 million shares, inflicting billions of dollars of damage on plaintiff and the Class. Cisco later admitted that 3rdQ F01 sales would be less than $4.8 billion, or lower than any quarter since the 2ndQ F00. Defendants' misconduct has wiped out over $400 billion in market capitalization as Cisco stock has fallen 84% from its Class Period high of $82 per share as the truth about Cisco, its operations and prospects began to reach the market. On 4/16/01, Cisco announced a $2.5 billion write-down of inventory (or 90% of its inventory as of 1/31/01) of components in its service business. This was one of the largest inventory write-downs in U.S. history. Cisco stock has dropped to as low as $13-3/16.
   				

           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement.This is one of a number of actions coordinated for pretrial purposes as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92 with the first action filed on January 12, 2001. Plaintiffs in the coordinated proceeding are bringing claims under the federal securities laws against numerous underwriters, companies, and individuals, alleging generally that defendant underwriters engaged in improper and undisclosed activities concerning the allocation of shares in the IPOs of more than 300 companies during late 1998 through 2000. In June 2004, a stipulation of settlement and release of claims against the issuer defendants, including the Company, was submitted to the court for approval. The terms of the settlement if approved, would dismiss and release all claims against the participating defendants (including the Company). In exchange for this dismissal, D&O insurance carriers would agree to guarantee a recovery by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants of at least $1 billion, and the issuer defendants would agree to an assignment or surrender to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters. On August 31, 2005, the court confirmed preliminary approval of the settlement.According to a Press Release dated April 23, 2001, a class action lawsuit was filed alleging violations of Sections 11, 12 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated by the SEC thereunder and seeks to recover damages. In exchange for the excessive commissions, the complaint alleges, lead underwriter The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and underwriters Salomon Smith Barney, Inc. and BancBoston Robertson Stephens, Inc. allocated NetZero shares to customers at the IPO price of $16.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $16.00, the underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of NetZero stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as "laddering") was intended to (and did) drive NetZero's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $16.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $30.63 during its first day of trading. Rather than allowing their customers to keep their profits from the IPO, the complaint alleges, the underwriters required their customers to "kick back" some of their profits in the form of secret commissions. These secret commission payments were sometimes calculated after the fact based on how much profit each investor had made from his or her IPO stock allocation. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the NetZero offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO transaction and failed to disclose the additional commissions and "laddering" scheme discussed above. 
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated October 29, 2002, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana has ordered the dismissal of the class action lawsuit alleging securities fraud filed against Orthodontic Centers of America, Inc. and certain members of its senior management.  In its ruling, the Court found that the plaintiffs had failed to allege sufficient facts to support their claim that the Company or its officers and directors violated federal securities laws. The Court also ruled that the plaintiffs will not be permitted to amend the lawsuit and stated that "the Court dismisses plaintiffs' Amended Complaint with prejudice because 'another pleading attempt would be an inefficient use of the parties' and the Court's resources, would cause unnecessary and undue delay, and would be futile."' The original class action lawsuit was commenced charging that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. Besides issuing a series of false and misleading press releases concerning OCA's financial condition, the complaint alleges that the Company improperly recognized revenues in violation of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"). As a result, the price of the Company's common stock was artificially inflated throughout the Class Period, reaching as high as $35.313 per share, allowing defendants to collectively sell or propose to sell millions of dollars worth of shares in personally held OCA Stock. However, on March 16, 2001 the true state of the Company's finances were revealed when the Company disclosed that as a result of an SEC inquiry, OCA must change its revenue recognition policy to conform with GAAP. In response, the stock price of OCA plummeted approximately 20% in inter-day trading on heavy trading volume.
   				

           			According to the docket, on October 31, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Daniel T.K. Hurley. The case is closed. By the Notice of Pendency of Class Action, a Settlement Fund consisting of $4.95 million in cash, plus interest, has been established. Notice is hereby given, pursuant to Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and an Order of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, West Palm Beach Division (the "Court") dated July 9, 2003, that a hearing will be held before the Honorable Daniel Hurley in the United States Courthouse, 701 Clematis Street, West Palm Beach, Florida, 33401, at 4:30 p.m., on October 20, 2003 (the "Settlement Fairness Hearing") to determine whether a proposed settlement (the "Settlement") of the above-captioned action (the "Action") as set forth in the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement dated July 1, 2003 (the "Stipulation"), is fair, reasonable and adequate and to consider the proposed Plan of Allocation for the Settlement proceeds and the application of Plaintiffs' Counsel for attorneys' fees and reimbursement of expenses.As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2001, on June 4, 2001, Bruce and Verva Enoch, purporting to act on behalf of a classconsisting of all purchasers of the Company's common stock from January 12,2001, through April 9, 2001, commenced an essentially identical lawsuit againstthe same defendants as were sued in the Markowitz litigation. By Order dated July 26, 2001, the Markowitz and Enoch actions were consolidated into a single action, In re Sensormatic Electronics Corp. Securities Litigation, Case No. 01-8346-CIV-RYSKAMP. The following plaintiffs and class members were appointed lead plaintiffs: Leo Bugg, Jr., Frank A. Follmer and Karl Rugart.The original class action charges Sensormatic and certain officers and directors with violating the federal securities laws by issuing a series of materially false and misleading statements to the market between January 12, 2001 and April 9, 2001 concerning its supposedly strong and growing sales and lucrative new contracts with massive clients. These statements, as alleged in the complaint, were materially false and misleading because they failed to disclOse that demand for Sensormatic's products was sluggish throughout the Class Period, and the Company was deeply discounting its products to inflate sales. On April 10, 2001, Sensormatic issued a press release announcing that its third quarter of 2001 revenue had declined from the third quarter of 1999, and that it would miss securities analysts' earnings estimates by 66%. In response to this announcement, Sensormatic's stock price dropped by 31% in one day to $13 per share on heavy trading volume. Prior to the disclosure of the true facts about Sensormatic's business, certain Sensormatic insiders sold a total of over $5.5 million of their personally held Sensormatic stock.
   				

           			According to an article dated February 28, 2007, in a unanimous opinion by Chief Judge Dennis G. Jacobs, joined by Circuit Judge John M. Walker Jr. and retired Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor (sitting by designation), the Court of Appeals affirmed District Court Judge Miriam Cedarbaum's dismissal of securities fraud claims asserted against Deloitte for failure to plead a primary violation under Central Bank and failure to plead loss causation, among other grounds. The court ruled that an outside auditor must make an actionable misstatement in order to be liable under §10(b), which was not alleged by plaintiffs here, and that assisting in the drafting of a filing is not sufficient to establish §10(b) liability. The court also ruled that the auditor's 'going concern' warning, combined with precipitous adverse changes in the company's financial situation apparent on the face of the financial statements, made it 'unambiguously apparent' that the company faced a risk of bankruptcy, even if the underlying financial information was inaccurate, and demonstrated that the auditor's misstatements did not proximately cause plaintiffs' damages.According to the docket, on April 6, 2005, the court entered the preliminary approval order in connection with the partial settlement proceedings.  A hearing was scheduled to be held before the Court on June 30, 3005 at 10 a.m. According to the Notice of Pendency of Class Action Hearing On Proposed Partial Settlement, a Gross Settlement Fund consisting of $7,300,000 in cash, plus interest, was established.  At the hearing, Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum signed the Final Judgment on Partial Settlement  pursuant to FRCP 54 (b) of all claims asserted by the Class against certain individual defendants: the former Chief Financial Officer of Warnaco, the former Vice President and General Counsel of Warnaco, and the former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Warnaco.   Further, on September 22, 2005, the Court entered the Opinion of Judge Cederbaum granting the defendant Deloitte & Touche’s earlier motion to dismiss the Sixth Amended and Supplemental Consolidated Class Action Complaint. On October 24, 2005, the plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal from the Judge Cederbaum’s Opinion. Earlier, on October 14, 2003, a Fourth Amended Complaint was filed, and on March 29, 2004, the Court entered the Order appointing John Lattazio as Lead Plaintiff for the Class and continuing the law firm of Lovell Stewart Halebian LLP as Lead Counsel.  On April 19, 2004, a Fifth Amended Complaint was filed, and on July 28, 2004, a Sixth Amended and Supplemental Consolidated Class Action Complaint was filed. On September 24, 2004, defendant Deloitte & Touche LLP filed a motion to dismiss the sixth amended complaint.  On January 14, 2005, an Amended Class Action Complaint was filed against Deloitte & Touche.  As reported by the Company’s Form 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended October 4, 2003, on August 3, 2001, the District Court consolidated the actions into a singleaction, styled In Re The Warnaco Group, Inc. Securities Litigation (II), No. 01CIV 3346 (MCG), and appointed a lead plaintiff and approved a lead counsel forthe putative class. A consolidated amended complaint was filed against certainof the Company's current and former officers and directors, which expanded theSecond Class Period to encompass August 16, 2000 to June 8, 2001. The amendedcomplaint also dropped the Company as a defendant, but added as defendantscertain outside directors. On April 18, 2002, the District Court dismissed theamended complaint, but granted plaintiffs leave to replead. On June 7, 2002, theplaintiffs filed a second amended complaint, which again expanded the SecondClass Period to encompass August 15, 2000 to June 8, 2001. On June 24, 2002, thedefendants filed motions to dismiss the second amended complaint. On August 21,2002, the plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint adding the Company'scurrent independent auditors as a defendant. On June 2, 2003, the District Courtgranted the outside directors' motion to dismiss and dismissed the motion todismiss of the other individual defendants.Between April 20, 2001 and May 31, 2001, five putative class actioncomplaints against the Company and certain of its officers and directors werefiled in the District Court (the 'Shareholder II Class Action'). The complaints,on behalf of a putative class of 64 shareholders who purchased the Old CommonStock between September 29, 2000 and April 18, 2001 (the 'Second Class Period'), allege, among other things, that defendants violated the Exchange Act by artificially inflating the price of the Old Common Stock and failing to disclose negative information during the Second Class Period.The original complaint alleges, among other things, a failure to divulge promptly certain necessary charges relating to reserves, operating shortfalls, restructuring, changing inventory accounting, and a restatement for prior years. Additionally, it was not until this week that Warnaco revealed an SEC inquiry into "whether there have been any violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in connection with the preparation and publication of various financial statements and reports." During the Class Period, Warnaco stock lost more than 88% of its value with share price dropping to a low of $0.65 after reaching a Class Period high of $5.93. As a result of this decline in the value of Warnaco shares, investors have lost, in the aggregate, hundreds of millions of dollars.NOTE: On June 11, 2001, Warnaco, together with 37 affiliated companies (collectively, “Debtors”), filed for bankruptcy in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the “Bankruptcy Court”). By Order of the Bankruptcy Court dated February 16, 2003, approving Debtors’ First Amended JointPlan of Reorganization (the “Plan”), the claims of equity holders, including Plaintiffs and all Class Members, were forever discharged as against the Debtors without any recovery.
   				





           			According to the docket, on May 15, 2003, the plaintiff filed a notice of appeal from the Judgment awarding sanctions, but on January 29, 2004, the Court entered the certified copy of the Mandate from the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, affirming the Judgment of the District Court. Previously, as summarized by the docket, on July 19, 2001, the Court entered the Order appointing lead plaintiffs and approving lead plaintiffs’ selection of lead counsel.  On August 6, 2001, the plaintiffs filed an Amended Complaint, and the defendants responded by filing motions to dismiss the Amended Complaint.  Further, on October 29, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a motion to certify the class action, and on January 3, 2002, the defendants filed a motion for partial summary judgment.  On April 29, 2004, the Court entered the Memorandum Order granting in part and denying in part the defendants’ motions to dismiss, dismissing the claims against the accountant defendants.  The defendants’ motion for partial summary judgment was deferred and the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification was granted.  On August 13, 2004, the plaintiff Ernie De La Fuente filed a motion to dismiss, and on August 23, 2002, the Court entered the Order granting the motion to dismiss and dismissed the case with prejudice.  The case was closed, but then the defendants filed a motion to reopen the case, imposing sanctions on the plaintiff and his attorneys in the full amount of DCI Defendants’ reasonable attorney's fees and expenses.  On May 20, 2003, the Court entered the Judgment for the defendants and against the plaintiff Ernie De La Fuente.  It was ordered that the Plaintiff's motion to dismiss is hereby granted with prejudice and that Sanctions Pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act is hereby awarded against Plaintiffs' Counsel Holzer and Holzer, in the amount of $40,000.00 of which $25,344.00 is awarded to DCI Telecommunications, Inc., Joseph J. Murphy, Russell B. Hintz, Larry Shatsoff, John Adams and $14,656.00 is awarded to Schnitzer & Kondub, P.C., Richard S.Kondub, and Ross J. Schnitzer.  It was further ordered that sanctions are hereby awarded against Plaintiffs' Counsel Federman and Sherwood in the amount of $83,116.91 of which $52,662.87 is awarded to DCI Telecommunications, Inc., Joseph J. Murphy, Russell B. Hintz, Larry Shatsoff, John Adams and $30,454.04 is awarded to Schnitzer & Kondub, P.C., Richard S.Kondub, and Ross J. Schnitzer.  The original complaint against DCI Telecommunications charges certain of its officers, directors, and auditors with violations of sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Act of 1934. The complaint alleges accounting fraud, and that DCI Telecommunications issued materially false and misleading financial information concerning its expected, and its purportedly-achieved, revenues and earnings during the Class Period. The complaint alleges that as a result of such misleading information, DCI Telecommunication's securities traded at artificially inflated prices during the Class Period.
   				

           			According to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 2, 2002, on January 3, 2002, the Company reached a settlement agreement with the putative class action plaintiffs, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay up to $162 million to such plaintiffs in settlement for their claims and to implement certain enhancements to its corporate governance and internal control procedures. Such agreement was subject to confirmatory discovery, to the final approval of the Company's Board of Directors, and to court approval.On April 1, 2002, following the completion of such confirmatory discovery, the Company and the putative class action plaintiffs amended their settlement agreement and the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint, purporting to name as plaintiffs a class of persons who purchased or otherwise made an investment decision regarding the Company's securities and related derivative securities between March 5, 1997 and January 14, 2002. Pursuant to the amended settlement agreement, the Company agreed to pay $162 million to such plaintiffs in settlement for their claims and to implement certain enhancements to its corporate governance and internal control procedures. Such amended agreement was approved by the court on May 24, 2002.Pursuant to the terms of such agreement, the Company disbursed $1 million of such funds in April 2002 and the remaining amount of $161 million in June and July 2002. In addition, the Company received from its insurers $4.5 million in respect of such settlement in July 2002.Earlier, according to the same SEC filing, more than 20 purported class action lawsuits were filed against the Company and certain current and former officers and directors of the Company, asserting claims under the federal securities laws. These lawsuits were consolidated into a single action pending in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee. On July 17, 2001, the court entered an order appointing the Florida State Board of Administration and the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana as lead plaintiffs and the law firms of Entwistle & Cappucci LLP, Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP and Grant & Eisenhofer, P.A. as co-lead counsel. On January 3, 2002, the lead plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated class action complaint. Among other things, plaintiffs alleged that the Company and certain of its current and former officers and directors made misrepresentations concerning the Company's financial results in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in various press releases and other public statements. The plaintiffs sought damages with interest, costs and such other relief as the court deemed proper.The original complaint charges Dollar General and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically, the complaint alleges that on April 30, 2001, the Dollar General issued a press release, which stated in part, that the company was going to delay the filing of its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2000 in anticipation of restating its audited financial statements for fiscal years 1998 and 1999 as well as restating the un-audited financial information for the fiscal year 2000 as previously released, and this press release al stated the Dollar General has become aware of certain accounting irregularities. On this news, trading in Dollar General shares declined to $16.50, or more than 37% lower than the Class Period high of $26. Plaintiff seeks to recover damages on behalf of all purchasers of Dollar General publicly traded securities during the Class Period.
   				

           			On October 10, 2006, the hearing was held.  The Court finds that the settlement is reasonable and adequate, and is approved.  On October 12, 2006, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Justin L. Quackenbush.  That day, the Court also entered the Order for reimbursement of attorneys’ expenses.  According to a press release dated August 5, 2006, a hearing will be held on October 10, 2006, for the purpose of determining: (1) whether the proposed settlement of the Litigation for $24,200,000 in cash should be approved by the Court as fair, reasonable and adequate; (2) whether the Litigation should be dismissed on the merits and with prejudice pursuant to the terms of the Stipulation; (3) whether the proposed Plan of Allocation should be approved as fair and reasonable; (4) whether Representative Plaintiffs' Counsel's application for fees and expenses, including any award of reasonable costs and expenses (including lost wages, directly relating to the representation of the Settlement Class to any Representative Plaintiff serving on behalf of the Settlement Class) and interest thereon should be approved; and (5) whether the releases provided for in the Stipulation should be approved as fair, reasonable and adequate to the Members of the Settlement Class.As summarized by the docket posted, on May 24, 2006, a Stipulation of Settlement was filed. Previously, on February 22, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a Correct Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  The defendants responded by filing various motions to dismiss the consolidated class action complaint on May 21, 2002.  On March 4, 2003, the Court entered the Order granting the defendants’ motions to dismiss, and allowed plaintiffs 30 days to amend their complaint.  The claims against defendants Arthur Anderson were dismissed with prejudice.  On May 5, 2003, the plaintiffs filed a First Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint and the defendants filed motions to dismiss the complaint.  Again, on April 6, 2004, the Court entered the Order granting the defendants’ motions to dismiss with leave to amend.  On April 30, 2004, the plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint, and the defendants responded by filing motions to dismiss the complaint.  On February 23, 2005, the Court entered the Order denying and granting certain defendants’ motions to dismiss.  Judgment dismissing the case with prejudice as to certain defendants was entered that day also.   In February 2004, several complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, charging AOL, America Online and certain of AOL's officers with violating the federal securities laws and/or state law by vastly overstating PPRO's revenues and earnings through a series of fraudulent transactions between PPRO and AOL.  Specifically, the complaint charges that each defendant violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and SEC Rule 10b-5. It also charges Robert Pittman (who was AOL's President and COO during the Class Period) and David Colburn (who was a senior officer of AOL during the Class Period) with violating Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act and charges America Online, Inc. and AOL Time Warner, Inc. with liability for the individual defendants' violations of the securities laws. The complaint alleges that after the truth was revealed about the fraudulent deals between PPRO and AOL, the prices of PPRO's securities collapsed and PPRO filed for bankruptcy protection.  In June 2004, the actions filed in the Southern District of New York were transferred to the District of Nevada.  In July 2004, the cases were consolidated with 01-CV-483.The original complaint charges PurchasePro and certain officers/directors with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, alleging that they made numerous positive representations throughout the Class Period regarding the financial and business prospects of the Company, while knowing and withholding that the Company was improperly recognizing revenue in order to artificially inflate the trading value of PurchasePro securities for their own personal benefit.
   				







           			As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, on July 1, 2002, the defendants filed an answer to the complaint, denying all liability. Plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification on August 15, 2002. On November 5, 2003, the parties entered into a stipulation and agreement of settlement for $2.3 million. The court granted final approval of the settlement on February 5, 2004, which amount was later paid entirely by the Company’s directors’ and officers’ liability insurance carrier. According to a Press Release dated December 10, 2003, on February 5, 2004 a hearing will be held to determine whether an order should be entered (i) finally approving the proposed settlement of the claims asserted by plaintiffs in this consolidated action, against defendants Penn Treaty American Corporation and defendants Irving Levit and Cameron B. Waite for the sum of $2.3 million in cash and on the terms set forth in the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement dated as of November 5, 2003 (the "Settlement"); (ii) dismissing the Action with prejudice as to the Defendants; (iii) approving the Plan of Allocation of the Net Settlement Fund; and (iv) awarding counsel fees and reimbursement of expenses to counsel for Plaintiffs and the Class. The Complaint charges Penn Treaty and its senior officers with violations of sections 10 and 20(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 for materially false and misleading statements and filings with the SEC. The complaint charges Penn Treaty, which underwrites, markets and sells individual accident and health insurance products through its subsidiaries, with defrauding investors by issuing false and misleading statements about the company's financial health. According to the lawsuit, the defendants reported during the class period that Penn Treaty was experiencing tremendous growth in sales. Furthermore, they repeatedly stated that the growth was not affecting the company's fiscal health, and that it had adequate reserves for the increased level of business. The Complaint alleges that Penn Treaty did not disclose that it continued selling policies during its fourth quarter of 2000 although its reserves were well under the amount required by regulators, causing it to face possible liquidation. When the Company announced on March 30, 2001 that its ability to remain solvent was at risk, the price of Penn Treaty stock dropped 42% in one day. Further revelations about the company's inadequate reserves and financial problems allegedly drove down the stock price to nearly $3 a share by April 2, 2001.
   				

           			According to the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice signed by U.S. District Judge Claudia Wilken dated March 24, 2006, this Court approves the settlement.By the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement of Class Action, a settlement fund consisting of $3,500,000 in cash has been established. The Court will hold a fairness hearing at 10:00 a.m., on March 24, 2006, at the United States Courthouse, 1301 Clay Street, Oakland, California. At this hearing the Court will consider whether the settlement is fair, reasonable, and adequate. The Court will also consider how much to pay to Lead Counsel. The Court may decide these issues at the hearing or take them under consideration. The original complaint charges U.S. Aggregates and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically, the complaint alleges that on April 3, 2001, U.S. Aggregates issued a press release, which stated in part, that the Company was going to restate its earnings for the first three quarters of 2000, restate its net loss of $2.6 million, or $0.17 per diluted share, to a net loss of $5.1 million. On this news, U.S. Aggregates shares dropped to $4.30, or more than 79% lower than the Class Period high of $20-1/4. Plaintiff seeks to recover damages on behalf of all purchasers of U.S. Aggregates publicly traded securities during the Class Period. 


           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2007, the district court directed that the litigation proceed within a number of "focus cases" rather than in all of the 310 cases that have been consolidated. The Company's case is not one of these focus cases.  On October 13, 2004, the district court certified the focus cases as class actions. The underwriter defendants appealed that ruling, and on December 5, 2006, the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit reversed the district court's class certification decision. On April 6, 2007, the Second Circuit denied plaintiffs' petition for rehearing. In light of the Second Circuit opinion, the Company has informed the district court that this settlement cannot be approved because the defined settlement class, like the litigation class, cannot be certified. The Company cannot predict whether the Company will be able to renegotiate a settlement that complies with the Second Circuit's mandate. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, the Company cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of the matter.As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2006, beginning in May 2001, a number of substantially identical class action complaints alleging violations of the federal securities laws were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York naming approximately 300 companies, including the Company, certain of its officers and directors, and certain underwriters of the Company’s initial public offering as defendants. The complaints have since been consolidated into a single action, and a consolidated amended complaint was filed in April 2002. The individual officer and director defendants entered into tolling agreements and, pursuant to a court order dated October 9, 2002, were dismissed from the litigation without prejudice. Furthermore, in July 2002, the Company and the other defendants in the consolidated cases filed motions to dismiss the amended complaint for failure to state a claim. The motion to dismiss claims under Section 11 was denied as to virtually all the defendants in the consolidated actions, including the Company. The claims against the Company under Section 10(b), however, were dismissed. In June 2003, a committee of the Company’s board of directors conditionally approved a proposed partial settlement with the plaintiffs in this matter. In June 2004, an agreement of settlement was submitted to the court for preliminary approval. The settlement would provide, among other things, a release of the Company and of the individual defendants for the conduct alleged in the amended complaint to be wrongful. The Company would agree to undertake other responsibilities under the partial settlement, including agreeing to assign away, not assert, or release certain potential claims the Company may have against its underwriters. Any direct financial impact of the proposed settlement (other than defense costs incurred and expensed prior to May 31, 2003) is expected to be borne by the Company’s insurers. The court granted the preliminary approval motion on February 15, 2005, subject to certain modifications. On August 31, 2005, the court issued a preliminary order further approving the modifications to the settlement and certifying the settlement classes. The court also appointed the Notice Administrator for the settlement and ordered that notice of the settlement be distributed to all settlement class members beginning on November 15, 2005 and completed by January 15, 2006. The settlement fairness hearing was held on April 26, 2006, but the court has not yet rendered its decision. If the court determines that the settlement is fair to the class members, the settlement will be approved. Several complaints have been filed against Digimarc Corporation. The complaints allege various improper practices by certain of Digimarc's officers and directors, and one of their lead underwriters, BancBoston Robertson Stephens. The complaints allege violations of the Securities Act of 1933, under Section 11, 12 and 15; Section 1-(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as Rule 10b-5. The also allege that certain of Digimarc's officers, directors, and BancBoston issued and sold Digimarc common stock in it's IPO without disclosing to investors that BancBoston had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. They further allege that the Registration Statement filed with the SEC contained misstatements regarding the commissions the underwriters would derive from the IPO.
   				



           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2007, on June 25, 2007, the District Court approved a stipulation and order terminating the proposed settlement. While the Court of Appeals decision does not automatically apply to the case against the Company, the defendants have moved for an order that would apply the decision to all cases, including the consolidated action against the Company. On August 14, 2007, the Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint against all defendants in all actions and have again moved to certify classes in each of the various consolidated actions, including the action against the Company.As summarized by the same SEC filing, in May and June 2001, certain of the Company’s present directors, along with the Company, certain of its former directors, certain of its present and former officers and its underwriters, were named as defendants in nine class action complaints filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The plaintiffs and the putative classes they seek to represent include present and former stockholders of the Company. The complaints generally allege violations of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Rule 10b-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act, based on, among other things, the dissemination of statements allegedly containing material misstatements and/or omissions concerning the commissions received by the underwriters of the initial public offering and follow-on public offering of the Company as well as failure to disclose the existence of purported agreements by the underwriters with some of the purchasers in these offerings to buy additional shares of the Company’s stock subsequently in the open market at pre-determined prices above the initial offering prices. The plaintiffs seek for themselves and the alleged class members an award of damages and litigation costs and expenses. The claims in these cases have been consolidated for pre-trial purposes (together with claims against other issuers and underwriters) before one judge in the Southern District of New York federal court. In April 2002, a consolidated, amended complaint was filed against these defendants which generally alleges the same violations and also refers to alleged misstatements or omissions that relate to the recommendations regarding the Company’s stock by analysts employed by the underwriters. In June and July 2002, defendants, including the Company defendants, filed motions to dismiss plaintiffs’ complaints on numerous grounds. The Company’s motion was denied in its entirety in an opinion dated February 19, 2003. In July 2003, a committee of the Company’s Board of Directors approved a proposed settlement with the plaintiffs in this matter, which was preliminarily approved by the District Court overseeing the litigation in February 2005. A final fairness hearing on the settlement was held on April 24, 2006. On December 5, 2006, however, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the certification of plaintiff classes in six actions related to other issuers that had been designated as test cases with respect to the non-settling defendants in those matters and made other rulings that drew into question the legal viability of the claims in those cases. The Court of Appeals later rejected the plaintiffs’ request that it reconsider that decision. The complaint alleges that defendants disseminated materially false and misleading statements concerning Internet Capital's initial public offering and secondary offering with regard to the commissions reaped by the underwriter defendants. Particularly, the complaint alleges a failure to inform investors that the underwriters solicited and received additional, excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which the underwriters allocated to those investors substantial blocks of the Internet Capital Group, Inc.'s shares issued in connection with the initial public offering. The complaint also alleges that this omission continued through and after the time of the secondary offering of Internet Capital Inc. Group's stock. During the Class Period, Internet Capital stock lost more than 99% of its value with share price dropping to a low of $1.21 after reaching a Class Period high in excess of $200. As a result of this decline in the value of Internet Capital shares, investors have lost, in the aggregate, hundreds of millions of dollars.
   				

           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 28, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement. According to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2005, in June 2003, DoubleClick’s Board of Directors conditionally approved a proposed partial settlement with the plaintiffs in this matter. In June 2004, an agreement of settlement was submitted to the court for preliminary approval. The court granted the preliminary approval motion on February 15, 2005, subject to certain modifications. If the parties are able to agree upon the required modifications, and such modifications are acceptable to the court, notice will be given to all class members of the settlement, a “fairness” hearing will be held and if the court determines that the settlement is fair to the class members, the settlement will be approved.As summarized by the same SEC filing, in April 2002, a consolidated amended class action complaint alleging violation of the federal securities laws in connection with DoubleClick’s follow-on offerings was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York naming as defendants DoubleClick, some of its officers and directors and certain underwriters of DoubleClick’s follow-on offerings. Approximately 300 other issuers and their underwriters have had similar suits filed against them, all of which are included in a single coordinated proceeding in the Southern District of New York. In October 2002, the action was dismissed against the named officers and directors without prejudice. However, claims against DoubleClick remain. In July 2002, DoubleClick and the other issuers in the consolidated cases filed motions to dismiss the amended complaint for failure to state a claim, which was denied as to DoubleClick in February 2003.The original complaint against DoubleClick, Inc. alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933. The complaint alleges that the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on or about February 19, 1998, and the Prospectus filed on or about February 20, 1998 for the issuance and initial public offering of 3.5 million shares of DoubleClick common stock contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions.
   				

           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 28, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement.This is one of a number of actions coordinated for pretrial purposes as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92 with the first action filed on January 12, 2001. Plaintiffs in the coordinated proceeding are bringing claims under the federal securities laws against numerous underwriters, companies, and individuals, alleging generally that defendant underwriters engaged in improper and undisclosed activities concerning the allocation of shares in the IPOs of more than 300 companies during late 1998 through 2000. In June 2004, a stipulation of settlement and release of claims against the issuer defendants, including the Company, was submitted to the court for approval. The terms of the settlement if approved, would dismiss and release all claims against the participating defendants (including the Company). In exchange for this dismissal, D&O insurance carriers would agree to guarantee a recovery by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants of at least $1 billion, and the issuer defendants would agree to an assignment or surrender to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters. On August 31, 2005, the court confirmed preliminary approval of the settlement.According to a Press Release dated May 8, 2001, a law suit was filed against Multex.com, Inc. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 11, 12, 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as well as Rule 10b-5. The complaint alleges that Multex.com, and certain of its officers, directors, and auditors violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling Multex.com common stock pursuant to the IPO without disclosing to investors that at least one of the lead underwriters, and three of the other underwriters in the offering had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. In exchange for the excessive commissions, the complaint alleges, the underwriters allocated Multex.com shares to customers at the IPO price of $14.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $14.00, the defendant underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the Multex.com stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as 'laddering') was intended to (and did) drive Multex.com's share price up to artificially high levels. The complaint alleges, that the artificial price inflation enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying Multex.com stock at the $14.00 IPO price, and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $38.63 during its first day of trading. The complaint further alleges that defendant underwriters required their customers to 'kick back' some of their profits in the form of secret commissions, rather than allowing them to keep their profits from the IPO.


           			According to the complaint, Corvis' May 4, 2000 Registration Statement, filed with the SEC in connection with its initial public offering of 31,625,000 shares of Corvis common stock, declared effective July 27, 2000, and the prospectus included with the Registration Statement contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions in violation of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933. The misrepresentations and/or omissions alleged in the complaint detail hidden, inflated commissions paid to CSFB that were not disclosed in Corvis' offering materials. Specifically, the complaint alleges that CSFB obtained excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for preferential allocations of restricted Corvis shares issued in the offering, and further, that CSFB also entered into buyback agreements with customers whereby CSFB allocated Corvis shares in return for the customers' agreements to purchase additional Corvis shares in the aftermarket at predetermined prices.On August 15, 2001, a complaint, titled Michael Darvin and Kenneth Bender, et al. v. Credit Suisse First Boston Corp., et al., was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against Credit Suisse First Boston regarding shares of the common stock of Corvis Corp., InterTrust Technologies Corporation, New Focus Inc., and Razorfish Inc. Specifically, the Complaint charges Defendant with violations of Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933.  Plaintiffs allege that the Prospectuses for the Manipulated Issuers' IPOs were materially false and misleading by, among other things, (1) failing to disclose additional and excessive underwriting commissions which Credit Suisse received from customers in exchange for  allocations of material portions of IPO shares in the Manipulated Issuers; and (2) failing to disclose prohibited "tie-in" agreements whereby Credit Suisse agreed to allocate IPO shares in the Manipulated Issuers to customers, in exchange for which customers agreed to purchase additional shares in the Manipulated Issuers after the stock of the Manipulated Issuer began trading in the public market (the "aftermarket").  Plaintiffs allege that these tie-in agreements maintained, distorted and/or inflated the market price of Manipulated Issuer shares in the aftermarket and provided an undisclosed benefit to Credit Suisse by locking-in additional commissions on transactions in securities in the Manipulated Issuers.  On November 9, 2001, the case was transferred to the Southern District of New York for consolidation with the IPO Allocation Multidistrict Litigation, case number 1:21-mc-00092-SAS.According to Broadwing Corporation’s (formerly Corvis Corp.) FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2006, between May 7, 2001 and June 15, 2001, nine class action lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York relating to our initial public offering on behalf of all persons who purchased the Company’s stock between July 28, 2000 and the filing of the complaints. Each of the complaints named as defendants: the Company, its directors and officers who signed the registration statement in connection with its initial public offering, and certain of the underwriters that participated in its initial public offering. The Company’s directors and officers have since been dismissed from the case, without prejudice. The complaints allege that the registration statement and prospectus relating to our initial public offering contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions in that those documents did not disclose (1) that certain of the underwriters had solicited and received undisclosed fees and commissions and other economic benefits from some investors in connection with the distribution of the Company’s common stock in the initial public offering and (2) that certain of the underwriters had entered into arrangements with some investors that were designed to distort and/or inflate the market price for the Company’s common stock in the aftermarket following the initial public offering. The complaints ask the court to award to members of the class the right to rescind their purchases of our common stock (or to be awarded rescissory damages if the class member has sold our stock) and prejudgment and post-judgment interest, reasonable attorneys’ and experts witness’ fees and other costs. On February 15, 2005, the Judge granted preliminary approval of a proposed settlement agreement between the plaintiffs and defendants, including the Company. The proposed settlement is a $1 billion dollar guaranteed settlement. The insurance companies for the defendants agreed to pay up to $1 billion dollars in total to the extent that judgment is rendered for the plaintiffs. If plaintiffs succeed in recovering more than $1 billion from the underwriters, the companies that went public, such as the Company, will not have to pay any additional amounts. The defendants’ insurance companies will be paying the settlement that is subject to the final approval of the district court. On August 31, 2005 the Judge issued an order clarifying certain provisions of the proposed settlement and set deadlines for its final approval. On April 21, 2006, one of the underwriters sued in this class action, JPMorgan Chase, announced a settlement with plaintiffs for $425 million. On April 24, 2006, a fairness hearing on the proposed settlement was held in which the Judge did not rule on the proposed settlement, but instead took the proposed settlement under advisement. In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in the six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement. Plaintiffs have filed an amended complaint and filed a motion for class certification based on their amended allegations. The defendants have filed motions to dismiss the Second Consolidated Amended Complaint.
   				



           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 28, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement. According to the Company’s latest FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2005, several suits were consolidated into one action that was coordinated for pretrial purposes with hundreds of virtually identical suits under a case captioned “In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation”, Civil Action No. 21-MC-92.  On February 19, 2003, the court denied in part and granted in part a motion to dismiss filed on behalf of the defendants, including Liberate.  The court’s order did not dismiss any claims against Liberate.  As a result, discovery may proceed.  The individual defendants have been dismissed without prejudice in this litigation. The Company has agreed to enter into a global issuer settlement of plaintiffs’ claims.  In June 2004, a stipulation of settlement and release of claims against the issuer defendants, including Liberate, was submitted to the court for approval. The terms of the settlement, if approved, would dismiss and release all claims against the participating defendants (including Liberate).  In exchange for this dismissal, D&O insurance carriers would agree to guarantee a recovery by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants of at least $1 billion, and the issuer defendants would agree to an assignment or surrender to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters The settlement is subject to a number of conditions, including court approval. On August 31, 2005, the Court granted preliminary approval of the stipulation of settlement, and set a hearing for April 24, 2006 for further consideration of the stipulation of settlement and whether the settlement should receive final approval of the Court.The original complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5. On or about July 27, 1999, Liberate commenced an initial public offering of 6, 250,000 of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $16 per share (the Liberate IPO). The complaint further alleges that Liberate filed a registration statement with the SEC, including a prospectus which was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Credit Suisse, BancBoston and Merrill Lynch had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Credit Suisse, BancBoston and Merrill Lynch allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Liberate shares issued in connection with the Liberate IPO; and (ii) Credit Suisse, BancBoston and Merrill Lynch had entered into agreements with customers whereby Credit Suisse, BancBoston and Merrill Lynch agreed to allocate Liberate shares to those customers in the Liberate IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Liberate shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices.
   				



           			According to the Order preliminarily approving the settlement dated April 10, 2007, the Class Representatives on behalf of themselves and the Class, and the Defendants, have made application pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23(e) for an order preliminarily approving settlement of the claims asserted in this action against the Defendants, in accordance with a stipulation of settlement between the Class Representative and the Underwriter Defendants dated as of September19, 2006 (the "Underwriter Defendants' Stipulation"), a stipulation of settlement between the Class Representatives and the Individual Defendants dated as of March 28, 2007 (the "Individual Defendants' Stipulation"), and a supplemental stipulation of settlement among the Class Representatives, the Underwriter Defendants and the Individual Defendants dated as of March 28, 2007 (the "Supplemental Stipulation") (collectively, the "Stipulations"), which Stipulations, together with the Exhibits annexed thereto, set forth the terms and conditions of the proposed settlements (the "Settlement”). The Court does hereby preliminarily approve the terms of the Stipulations, and the Settlement set forth therein, as fair, reasonable, adequate and in the best interest of the Class, subject to further consideration at the Settlement Hearing. The Settlement Hearing shall be held before this Court on August 9, 2007 at 2:00 p.m. in the John Joseph Moakley United States Courthouse, One Courthouse Way, Boston, MA02210-3002: (i) to determine whether the Settlement shall receive final approval as fair, reasonable and adequate and in the best interests of the Class; (ii) to determine whether judgment shall be entered dismissing the Litigation as to the Defendants on the merits, with prejudice and without costs; (iii) to determine whether the Proposed Plan of Allocation for distributing the Net Settlement Fund among Class Members should be approved by the Court as fair, Treasonable and adequate; (iv) to determine the amount of fees awarded and expenses reimbursed to the law firm of Kirby McInerney & Squire, LLP ("Lead Plaintiffs' Counsel"); and (v) to hear and rule upon such other matters as the Court may deem appropriate.According to the Stipulations of Settlements for the settling parties, the partial settlement fund settling claims against the Underwriter Defendants is in the amount of $8,250,000, and the partial settlement fund settling claims against the Individual Defendants is in the amount of $11,000,000.As summarized by the docket posted, the defendants responded by filing motions to dismiss the Amended Class Action Complaint on November 14 and 20, 2001.  On August 26, 2002, the Court entered the Memorandum and Order signed by U.S. District Judge Rya W. Zobel denying both motions to dismiss the Amended Class Action Complaint.  On February 28, 2003, the plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification, and on March 10, 2004, the Court entered the Memorandum of Decision granting the motion for class certification as to Counts One, Three, Four, Six, Seven and Nine.  In June 2006, several motions for summary judgment were filed and are currently pending.In a press release dated July 17, 2001, Dwyer & Collora, LLP announces that on July 5, 2001, an Amended Complaint was filed in a class action lawsuit that was originally commenced on April 27, 2001 in the United Stated District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The Amended Complaint charges the defendants, who include the various underwriters who participated in the offerings of the Debt Securities to the public as well as certain Owens Corning officers and directors, with violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933.The original Complaint charges certain Owens Corning officers and directors, as well as the various underwriters who participated in the Offering, with violations of the Securities Act of 1933. The Complaint alleges that the Registration Statement for the Offering contained untrue and misleading statements of facts and omissions of material facts, including: (a) the representation that the Debt Securities would ``rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company,'' (b) misleading representations concerning the Company's other unsecured indebtedness, (c) the failure to disclose that certain of the Company's other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness was guaranteed by one or more of the Company's subsidiaries, (d) the failure to disclose that the Company had a substantial debt to one of its subsidiaries, (e) the failure to disclose the existence of and the terms of certain promissory notes issued by the Company to one of its subsidiaries, and (f) the failure to disclose the existence and terms of an intellectual property licensing arrangement between the Company and one of its subsidiaries. As a result of these false and misleading statements and material omissions, the Complaint alleges that purchasers were misled about the true value of the securities and their seniority relative to other Owens Corning debt. On or about October 5, 2000, Owens Corning filed a voluntary petition for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.
   				



           			According to the docket, on June 29, 2006, the plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal from the May 2006 Orders and Judgments granting the defendants’ motions to dismiss the Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  The appeal is currently pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.Previously, on October 16, 2002, the Court entered the Judgment dismissing with prejudice the case as to the defendants.  On November 13, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.  On April 30, 2004, the Court entered the Mandate from the U.S. Court of Appeals.  The judgment of the District Court was affirmed in part and reversed in part.  The case was remanded back to the District Court.  On June 21, 2004, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss, which was denied by the Order entered on November 2, 2004.  On November 2, 2005, the plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  On December 15, 2005, the defendants filed various motions to dismiss the Second Consolidated Amended Complaint.  On May 16, 2006, the Court entered the Order granting the defendants’ motions to dismiss the Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  Judgment was entered on June 1, 2006.In a press release dated September 26, 2002, Network Commerce Inc. (OTCBB:NWKC), announced that the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington in Seattle has dismissed with prejudice the consolidated securities class actions filed against the company and the company's chairman and former chief executive officer and president. This litigation was a consolidation of multiple putative class actions, the first of which was filed on May 10, 2001, alleging violations of the federal securities laws based on alleged misrepresentations and omissions. On January 28, 2002, the company and the company's chairman and former chief executive officer and president filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated class action complaint for failure to state a claim on which legal relief can be granted, and on September 24, 2002, the court granted the motion, and denied the plaintiffs' request to file an amended complaint. Once a judgment is entered, the order will be subject to appeal. The original complaint charges that Network Commerce and its Chairman and CEO violated Sections 11, 12(2), and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. It is alleged that during the Class Period, defendants disseminated to the investing public false and misleading registration statements and prospectuses related to Network Commerce's Initial and Secondary Public Offerings, as well as its merger with Ubarter.com. Defendants distributed to the investing public false and misleading financial statements and press releases concerning the Company's growth of revenue, earnings, and ability to achieve profitability. In addition, each document, as well as quarterly and annual financial reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (``SEC''), failed to disclose, among other things, the terms upon which Walker executed several promissory notes with the Company that led to a $4.5 million loss to the Company.
   				

           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement.This is one of a number of actions coordinated for pretrial purposes as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92 with the first action filed on January 12, 2001. Plaintiffs in the coordinated proceeding are bringing claims under the federal securities laws against numerous underwriters, companies, and individuals, alleging generally that defendant underwriters engaged in improper and undisclosed activities concerning the allocation of shares in the IPOs of more than 300 companies during late 1998 through 2000. In June 2004, a stipulation of settlement and release of claims against the issuer defendants, including the Company, was submitted to the court for approval. The terms of the settlement if approved, would dismiss and release all claims against the participating defendants (including the Company). In exchange for this dismissal, D&O insurance carriers would agree to guarantee a recovery by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants of at least $1 billion, and the issuer defendants would agree to an assignment or surrender to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters. On August 31, 2005, the court confirmed preliminary approval of the settlement.According to a press release dated May 21, 2001, a complaint was filed against InterTrust Technologies and several of its executive officers and directors. The complaint alleges violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing Registration Statements and Prospectuses that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectuses were issued in connection with InterTrust Technologies's IPO and Secondary Offering. The complaint alleges the Prospectuses were false and misleading because each failed to disclose (i) The Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted InterTrust Technologies shares in the IPO and Secondary Offering in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO and Secondary Offering to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase InterTrust Technologies shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices. Also named in the complaint are Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, BancBoston Robertson Stevens, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, Inc. and Salomon Smith Barney, Inc. (collectively, the 'Underwriter Defendants').
   				

           			As reported by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2005, on December 17, 2002, the Joint Motion for Preliminary Approval of Settlement and the Amended Stipulation of Settlement was filed with the United States District Court of Florida, and approved by the residing justice. In the settlement, the Company will issue 6,000,000 shares of common stock to the class participants. There were no significant amendments to the nature or terms of the Stipulation. The actual liability, based on the value of the Company's stock as December 17, 2002, was $300,000 plus an estimated $125,000 in legal fees. The Company recorded its revised estimate of the liability in the fourth quarter and has disclosed this 2002 fourth quarter adjustment in the financial statements. On May 2, 2003, the United States District Court of Florida, through issuance of its Order and Final Judgment, approved the settlement.According to the docket, on December 17, 2001, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, and on February 15, 2002, the defendants responded with a motion to dismiss the consolidated amended class action complaint.  On May 15, 2002, the Court entered the Order by U.S. District Richard A. Lazzara denying the motion to dismiss consolidated amended class action complaint.  On November 5, 2002 a Stipulation of Settlement was filed.The original complaint charges defendants SeaView Video Technology, Inc. and the President and Chief Executive Officer of SeaView with violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5. The complaint alleges the company issued a series of material misrepresentations to the market concerning, SeaView's expected revenue for 2000, its reported revenue for the second and third quarter of 2000, the demand for its products, and its ability to manufacture sufficient product to meet the purported demand. Specifically, defendants had led the market to believe SeaView would have gross sales of $46 million in 2000, yet gross sales ended up being slightly over $1 million. In addition, on March 19, 2001, the Company announced it had determined that there were inaccuracies in its financial statements for the quarters ended June 30, 2000 and September 30, 2000 with regard to recognition of revenue as related to certain purchase orders. The restated revenue for those two quarters reduced revenue from $4 million collectively to approximately $550,000.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2007, in October 2004, the court issued an order regarding class certification in certain related matters. In December 2006, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit vacated that order, and determined that the related matters could not be certified as a class as currently defined. That appellate decision rendered uncertain whether The Company's proposed settlement could be finally approved and consummated, and, in June 2007, the proposed settlement was terminated. As a result, plaintiffs have filed an amended complaint and proposed an alternative class definition in related litigation.As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, in April 2002, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended class action complaint against the Company and certain of its current and former board members and/or officers. In July 2002, the Company moved to dismiss the consolidated amended class action complaint. In October 2002, pursuant to a stipulation and tolling agreement with plaintiffs, the Company’s current and former board members and/or officers were dismissed without prejudice. In February 2003, the court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the consolidated amended class action complaint. In June 2003, the Company approved a proposed Memorandum of Understanding among the plaintiffs, issuers and insurers as to terms for a settlement of the litigation against the Company which was further documented in a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement filed with the court. The proposed settlement terms would not require Stamps.com to make any payments. The proposed settlement was preliminarily approved by the court in February 2005, was the subject of fairness hearing in April 2006, but remains subject to final approval by the court which has not yet occurred. In addition to the class action lawsuits against the Company, over 1,000 similar lawsuits have also been brought against over 250 companies which issued stock to the public in 1998, 1999, and 2000, and their underwriters. These lawsuits (including those naming the Company) followed publicized reports that the Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating the practice of certain underwriters in connection with initial public offerings. All of these lawsuits have been consolidated for pretrial purposes before United States District Court Judge Shira Scheindlin of the Southern District of New York. The Company has placed its underwriters on notice of the Company’s rights to indemnification, pursuant to the Company’s agreements with the underwriters, but under the terms of the proposed settlement, the Company cannot assert these claims except as a defense to a claim against the Company by the underwriters. The Company has also provided notice to its directors' and officers' insurers who have agreed to fund the proposed settlement. The original complaint was filed against Stamps.com Inc. and several of its executive officers and directors. The complaint also names Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, BancBoston Robertson Stevens, Inc., The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and Salomon Smith Barney, Inc. (collectively, the 'Underwriter Defendants') as defendants. The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing Registration Statements and Prospectuses that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectuses were issued in connection with Stamps.com's IPO and Secondary Offering. The complaint alleges that the Prospectuses were false and misleading because each failed to disclose (i) The Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Stamps.com shares in the IPO and Secondary Offering in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO and Secondary Offering to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Stamps.com shares. 
   				

           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement.This is one of a number of actions coordinated for pretrial purposes as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92 with the first action filed on January 12, 2001. Plaintiffs in the coordinated proceeding are bringing claims under the federal securities laws against numerous underwriters, companies, and individuals, alleging generally that defendant underwriters engaged in improper and undisclosed activities concerning the allocation of shares in the IPOs of more than 300 companies during late 1998 through 2000. In June 2004, a stipulation of settlement and release of claims against the issuer defendants, including the Company, was submitted to the court for approval. The terms of the settlement if approved, would dismiss and release all claims against the participating defendants (including the Company). In exchange for this dismissal, D&O insurance carriers would agree to guarantee a recovery by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants of at least $1 billion, and the issuer defendants would agree to an assignment or surrender to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters. On August 31, 2005, the court confirmed preliminary approval of the settlement.According to a press release dated Friday May 18, 2001, a complaint has been filed against MP3.com, Inc. The complaint alleges violations under Sections 11, 12 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5. The complaint alleges that MP3.com, Inc. and certain of its current and former officers and directors violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling MP3.com common stock pursuant to the IPO without disclosing to investors that at least two of the lead underwriters in the offering had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. In exchange for the excessive commissions, the complaint alleges, lead underwriters Credit Suisse First Boston Corp. and BancBoston Robertson Stephens, Inc. allocated MP3.com shares to customers at the IPO price of $28.00 per share. To receive the allocations the defendant underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. Rather than allowing their customers to keep their profits from the IPO, the complaint alleges, the defendant lead underwriters required their customers to 'kick back' some of their profits in the form of secret commissions. These secret commission payments were sometimes calculated after the fact based on how much profit each investor had made from his or her IPO stock allocation. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus and the Registration Statement contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO transaction.
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on September 29, 2004, the Court entered the Order by Judge Mikel H. Williams finding moot the plaintiffs’ motion for class and subclass certification and denying the plaintiffs’ motion for entry of default judgment against the defendants.  On November 3, 2004, the plaintiffs filed a motion for dismissal without prejudice, and on November 15, 2004, the Court entered the Order by the Honorable Edward J. Lodge granting the motion for dismissal without prejudice.  The case is closed.The original complaint alleges that, during the class period, PrimeBuy and its co-founders violated multiple sections of the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the Idaho Securities and Consumer Protection Acts, by misrepresenting and omitting material facts in connection with the operation, financial condition and prospects of PrimeBuy, and in connection with PrimeBuy securities. The complaint further alleges that defendants were conducting a classic 'pyramid' scheme, in which the PrimeBuy Internet Mall was simply a multilevel marketing scheme, offering an array of shopping 'opportunities' already available on the Internet. In addition, it is asserted that defendants misrepresented that the memberships and/or stock issued by PrimeBuy complied with applicable state and federal securities laws, and that the Company would be holding an initial public offering of its stock during September 2000. As a result of these false and misleading statements and omissions, investors are left holding worthless shares of unregistered stock in an allegedly illegal pyramid scheme.
   				

           			According to the docket, on April 24, 2006, a motion for order provisionally closing the case and granting related relief was filed by the Co-Trustees of the AremisSoft Liquidating Trust.  On April 28, 2006, U.S. District Judge Joel A. Pisano granted the motion and the civil case was terminated.  Recently, on August 1, 2006, a motion to reopen the case, motion to enforce a settlement, and motion for permanent injunction was filed by a defendant.On August 16, 2002, defendant PFK-UK filed a motion to dismiss the First Amended and Consolidated Complaint, which the Court denied in an Order entered on October 25, 2002.  Defendant PFK-UK filed a motion for reconsideration.  On November 20, 2002, the Court entered the Order dismissing the action with prejudice as to defendants Roth Captial Partners, LLC f/k/a Cruttenden Roth, Inc., Advest, Inc., C.E. Unterberg, Towbin, Value Investing Partners, BlueStone Capital Partners, L.P., ISG Capital Markets, LLC, John G. Kinnard & Co., Inc., Pennsylvania Merchant Group, R.M. Stark & Co., Inc., Trautman, Kramer & Co., Inc., First Security Van Kasper, and H.C. Wainwright & Co.  On March 13, 2003, the Court granted in part and denied in part Defendant PFK-UK’s motion for reconsideration.  On July 25, 2003, a Second Amended Consolidated Complaint was filed.  On September 19, 2003, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order dismissing the action with prejudice against defendants Noel R. Voice, M.C. Mathews, & Dr. Paul I. Bloom, Michael A. Tymvios, Kurt Sedlmayer a/k/a Kurt Sedlmeyer and Scott E. Bartel.  On October 17, 2003, the plaintiffs filed a motion for entry of judgment as to defendant PFK-UK, which was granted in a Order entered on November 13, 2003. On March 15, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a First Amended and Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  With AremisSoft filing for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code, the litigation was voluntarily settled. On March 22, 2002, a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement with AremisSoft was filed.  According to the Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement, AremisSoft has filed a pre-negotiated Plan of Reorganization.  The Plan provides that the Settlement Class shall be entitled to receive in settlement of their claims against AremisSoft the following "Settlement Securities:" i) sixty and one-half percent (60.5%) of the common stock representing the equity and voting rights of SoftBrands, Inc. ("SoftBrands") (such amount shall represent no less than fifty percent (50%) of fully-diluted SoftBrands common stock); and (ii) ninety percent (90%) of the Net Trust Recoveries (as defined in the Plan). Those Class Members who elect to opt-out of the Settlement shall receive the same share of the sixty and one-half percent (60 .5%) of the common stock representing the equity and voting rights of SoftBrands as they would have received had they not elected to opt-out of the Settlement, however, they shall not receive any Beneficial Interests in the Trust under the Plan. SoftBrands is a Delaware Corporation and AremisSoft has transferred to SoftBrands all of the manufacturing and hospitality software businesses formerly held by AremisSoft.  On August 1, 2002, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Joel A. Pisano.  According to the Order, AremisSoft Corp., SoftBrands, Inc., Dann V. Angeloff, George H. Ellis, Theodoros Fessas, H. Tate Hold, David G. Latzke, John Malamas, George Papadopoulos, Stan Patey and the successors are permanently enjoined from instituting, commencing or prosecuting, any and all claims that were or could have been asserted by the Released Person against Plaintiffs.  On August 16, 2002, the Court entered the Corrected Order and Final Judgment.  The case continued against the remaining defendants.  In a press release dated March 15, 2002, AremisSoft Corporation (Pink Sheets:AREM) filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey. The bankruptcy filing is to implement a plan of reorganization which will settle the securities class action plaintiffs' claims against AremisSoft. AremisSoft's filing is expected to have no effect on the operations of SoftBrands, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary that provides enterprise software solutions. The proposed reorganization plan would provide that: -- All secured and unsecured claims approved by the Court will be paid in full; -- AremisSoft will contribute its litigation claims and certain other assets to a liquidating trust that will pursue those claims and liquidate the assets primarily for the benefit of securities class action plaintiffs; -- Securities class action plaintiffs will receive all of the beneficial interests in the liquidating trust but SoftBrands will be entitled to 10 percent of the distributions from the trust; -- Holders of AremisSoft common stock will receive 39.5 percent of the common stock of SoftBrands and securities class action plaintiffs will receive 60.5 percent of the common stock of SoftBrands.The original Complaint alleges that defendants, AremisSoft and certain of its officers, violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. At the start of the Class Period, on December 17, 1999, defendants issued a press release announcing that AremisSoft had been awarded a contract by the National Health Insurance Fund of Bulgaria to  utomate the national healthcare system of Bulgaria and that the  contract was valued at $37.5 million (the "Bulgarian Contract").  Following this announcement, and throughout the Class Period, defendants highlighted the Bulgarian contract and its value in the Company's press releases and public filings. Towards the end of the Class Period, however, questions began to be raised concerning the value of the Bulgarian Contract. Finally, on May 17, 2001, an article in the New York Times reported that officials of the World Bank and Bulgaria indicated that the value of their contract with AremisSoft is for less than $4 million, a far cry from the $37.5 million value that defendants attributed to the contract. Additionally, during the Class Period, defendants Poyiadjis and Kyprianou created blind trusts naming their families as beneficiaries and transferred 4.8 million shares, as well as options for 5.8 million shares, into them. As reported in a March filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the shares in the blind trusts have been sold and the options exercised and sold.The complaint further alleges that in response to the New York Times article and the serious questions raised therein concerning the value of the Bulgarian Contract, trading in the shares of AremisSoft were halted on May 18, 2001, until late afternoon, when AremisSoft issued a press release concerning the Bulgarian Contract and in effect admitted that its prior representations concerning the Bulgarian Contract had been misleading as the Company had not disclosed that AremisSoft had only won a small portion of the overall contract to automate the Bulgarian national healthcare system and that the Company would have to engage in competitive bidding for the remainder of the contract. When trading in AremisSoft stock reopened the price declined from $13.28 per share to $11.98 per share - a decline of 9.8% and a 35% decline from $18.47 per share, the price at which AremisSoft common stock was trading prior to the rumors concerning the value of the Bulgarian Contract began to filter through the market.
   				

           			According to the latest docket posted, on March 19, 2002, the Court entered the Orders granting the motion for an order to consolidate several cases and granting the motion to appoint lead plaintiff and co-lead counsel.  On May 6, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Class Action Amended Complaint, and the defendants responded by filing a motion to dismiss the complaint. On March 6, 2003, the Court entered the Order denying the defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint. The plaintiffs then filed a Second Consolidated Class Action Complaint on June 9, 2003. On August 1, 2003, the individual defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint.  On August 20, 2003, Loral Space & Communications filed a suggestion of bankruptcy.  On March 2, 2004, the Court entered the Memorandum and Opinion # 89735.  According to the Memorandum, the Court has considered all of the remaining arguments of the parties, and they are either moot or without merit. For the reasons stated, the defendants' motion to dismiss the claims in the amended complaint against the individual defendants is granted.  On May 31, 2005, the Court issued an Order administratively closing the case.The complaint was filed against Loral Space & Communications Ltd. The complaint alleges violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5. The complaint alleges that the defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions of material facts concerning the company's business performance during the relevant time. The complaint alleges that these statements failed to disclose that Globalstar was experiencing regulatory problems and delays in receiving necessary European approvals to achieve sales in conformity with Globalstar's stated business plans. In fact, undisclosed regulatory delays effectively prevented sales in Europe until approximately April or May of 2000. Moreover, the statements failed to disclose that Globalstar's business plans were predicated primarily on sales in developed nations and that Globalstar phones did not offer ``roaming'' service, rendering them uncompetitive in developed nations. Furthermore, defendant Schwartz's statements about the number of phones by December 31, 1999 and December 31, 2000 were materially false. Defendant Schwartz had no basis for making such statements. Indeed, defendant Schwartz was in a clear position to know that Globalstar's projections were entirely without basis and that by December 31, 1999, Globalstar would not sell phones or achieve subscriptions in remotely those numbers. 
   				

           			According to a press release dated April 30, 2003, U.S. District Judge Stewart Dalzell has approved an $8 million settlement in a class action securities suit against ATI Technologies Inc., a Canadian manufacturer of computer graphics chips that was accused of misleading investors with falsely optimistic sales projections in early 2000 in order to inflate stock prices prior to a major acquisition. Dalzell also approved an award of attorney fees equal to 30 percent of the settlement fund, or $2.4 million, to the team of plaintiffs' lawyers.The original complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between January 13, 2000 and May 24, 2000, thereby artificially inflating the price of ATI securities. The Complaint alleges that throughout the Class Period, defendants repeatedly issued press releases highlighting the Company's strong revenue growth and industry-high gross margins. These statements were materially false and misleading because they failed to disclose that (i) the Company was experiencing declining demand for its graphics chipset products and was decreasing its prices in order to stimulate demand; (ii) two of the Company's primary competitors, S3 Inc. and Neomagic, were flooding the market with cheaper and better products, which was rendering ATI's product offerings increasingly unattractive; (iii) the Company was failing to writedown a material portion of its inventory, which was impaired given the current conditions in the graphics chipset market. Accordingly, the Company's reported operating results were materially overstated; and (iv) that defendants' opinions, estimates and projections concerning the Company, its business and earnings were knowingly lacking in a reasonable basis at all times. Finally, on May 24, 2000, defendants issued a press release which shocked investors by announcing that ATI would be reporting lower than expected revenues. Defendants also disclosed that ATI's gross margins had declined to 21% and that the Company would be writing down $56 million worth of inventory. In response to this announcement, the price of ATI common stock declined precipitously - falling from $16.75 per share, on May 23, 2000, to $8.4375 per share on May 25, 2000.
   				

           			According to a press release dated July 14, 2003, Robotic Vision Systems, Inc. (RVSI) announced that the settlement terms of a class action lawsuit filed against the company in 2001 had been approved by the United States District Court, District of Massachusetts. The $5.5 million cost of the settlement will be borne by RVSI's insurance carrier.By order of the Court dated August 21, 2001, all related cases were consolidated into one class action lawsuit. By the same Order, two Lead Plaintiffs were appointed to represent the class and two firms were appointed as Co-Lead Counsel to oversee the litigation. Lead Plaintiffs filed their Consolidated Amended Complaint on December 3, 2001, which Defendants moved to dismiss on February 1, 2002. Both parties briefed the issues and on July 11, 2002, a hearing on Defendants' Motion to Dismiss was held and the motion was taken under advisement.The complaint alleges that defendants Robotic Vision and certain of its officers and directors violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that during the Class Period, Robotic Vision reported materially false and misleading financial results for fiscal year 2000 in violation of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. On May 15, 2001, before the market opened, Robotic Vision announced that it would be restating its financial results for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2000 and for the three month period ended December 31, 2000 to correct certain accounting errors involving the recognition of revenue at its Acuity CiMatrix division. As a result of defendants' alleged fraud, Robotic Vision's common stock traded at artificially inflated levels throughout the Class Period. In response to the shocking news that Robotic Vision's financial statements required restatement, the Company's stock price lost almost 15% of its value in one day.On May 30, 2013, the Court preliminarily approved the proposed settlement. 
   				

           			According to a press release dated March 15, 2006, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York approved a settlement agreement between investors and a company, its predecessor and the predecessor's CEO in a securities fraud class action, ruling that the settlement was fair, reasonable and adequate. Luxottica Group S.P.A. tendered an offer of $11.50 per share of stock of Sunglass Hut International Inc., and 35 million shares or 97% of all outstanding shares were tendered. The day before the takeover bid was announced, the CEO of Sunglass Hut entered into a five-year non-compete agreement with Luxottica in exchange for $15 million. Shareholders of Sunglass Hut sued Luxottica, Sunglass Hut, and the CEO for violations of § § 10(b), 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and the Williams Act. The shareholders alleged that the non-competition agreement violated the best price rule under the Williams Act, which requires all shareholder must be paid the highest consideration offered under a tender offer. After five years of litigation, the parties entered into a proposed settlement agreement. The parties moved the district court for final approval of the settlement, including the allocation of attorneys' fees and expenses. The proposed settlement agreement released claims against Luxottica and Sunglass Hut in exchange for $18.25 million to the class and payment of fees and expenses.According to the Notice Of Proposed Partial Settlement With The Luxottica Defendants dated November 15, 2005, the Court will hold a Settlement Hearing at 10:00 a.m. on February 9, 2006, at the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, Courtroom 10, 225 Cadman Plaza East, Brooklyn, New York 11201. At this hearing the Court will consider whether the settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate. The partial settlement provides for a $14.5 million settlement fund for the benefit of investors who tendered shares of Sunglass Hut International, Inc. (“Sunglass Hut”) in connection with Luxottica Group S.p.A’s (“Luxottica”) March 5, 2001 tender offer (“Tender Offer”). The partial settlement resolves all claims against Luxottica, Sunglass Hut International Inc. (formerly known as and named in the Litigation as Shade Acquisition Corporation (“Shade”)) and Leonardo Del Vecchio (the controlling shareholder of Luxottica), (collectively, “Luxottica Defendants” or the “Settling Defendants”) arising out of the Tender Offer. The two partial settlements combined, will settle the entire case for $18.25 million.As summarized by the same Notice, on July 19, 2005, the Luxottica Defendants filed motions for summary judgment. On August 12, 2005, Plaintiffs filed papers in opposition to the summary judgment motions. This settlement was reached before the motions were fully briefed or decided. The claims asserted against the Sunglass Hut Defendants and the proposed settlement with the Sunglass Hut defendants, were described in a prior Notice mailed on or about August 16, 2005. The fairness hearing to approve the partial settlement with the Sunglass Hut Defendants was previously scheduled for October 3, 2005, but was adjourned so that it could be conducted at the same time as the fairness hearing on the settlement with the Luxottica Defendants.According to the Notice Of Pendency Of Class Action And Proposed Partial Settlement dated August 16, 2005, the Court will hold a Settlement Hearing at 11:00 a.m. on Monday, October 3, 2005, at the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, Courtroom 10, 225 Cadman Plaza East, Brooklyn, New York 11201. At this hearing the Court will consider whether the partial settlement is fair, reasonable and adequate. The partial settlement will provide a $3.75 million settlement fund for the benefit of investors who tendered shares of Sunglass Hut International, Inc. (“Sunglass Hut”) in connection with Shade Acquisition Corporation’s (“Shade”) and Luxottica Group S.p.A’s (“Luxottica”) March 5, 2001 tender offer (“Tender Offer”). The partial settlement resolves all claims against Sunglass Hut’s former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Sunglass Hut’s Board of Directors (collectively, the “Settling Defendants”) which were alleged to have breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the Tender Offer. The claims against Luxottica, Shade and Leonardo Del Vecchio (the controlling shareholder of Luxottica), (collectively, “Luxottica Defendants” and the “Non-Settling Defendants”) arising out of the Tender Offer, are continuing.As summarized by the same Notice, Plaintiff, Greenway Partners, L.P. (the “Lead Plaintiff” or “Greenway”), was designated Lead Plaintiff by Memorandum and Order of the Court dated September 25, 2001. By order of the Court dated September 25, 2001, Goodkind Labaton Rudoff & Sucharow LLP (the “Goodkind firm”) was appointed as Lead Counsel for the Class. Pursuant to an order of the Court dated October 22, 2004, Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP (“Wolf Haldenstein”) was appointed as new Lead Counsel for the Class, replacing the Goodkind firm. On November 1, 2001, the Lead Plaintiff filed a First Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint (“First Amended Complaint”), against the Settling Defendants and the Sunglass Hut Defendants. Defendants filed motions to dismiss the Complaint on April 12, 2002. By Memorandum and Order dated November 26, 2003, the Court denied in part and granted in part Defendants’ motion to dismiss the Complaint. Specifically, the Court granted the motion to dismiss the claim brought pursuant to Section 10(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. The Court denied the motion to dismiss the claims brought based on violations of the Best Price Rule of the Williams Act and breach of fiduciary duty. On June 8, 2004, plaintiffs filed a Second Amended and Consolidated Complaint (“Second Amended Complaint”), adding a claim for control person liability, pursuant to Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, against Leonardo Del Vecchio. On June 25, 2004, Defendants answered the Second Amended Complaint. Defendants deny that they violated any laws or did anything wrong. They believe that their actions were proper under the federal securities laws and under state law. By Order dated December 23, 2004, the Court certified the Class as described above, with Greenway as Class Representative and Wolf Haldenstein as Lead Counsel. The original Complaint charges Defendants with violations of Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14d-10 promulgated thereunder. The Complaint alleges,  among other things, that pursuant to the Tender Offer and as an integral part  thereof, Defendants offered and paid greater consideration to Hauslein than to  other tendering Sunglass shareholders, as an inducement to Hauslein to support the Tender Offer and to tender his approximately 1.7 million Sunglass shares to Shade. The Complaint alleges that the additional consideration to Hauslein, which was never offered nor paid to other Sunglass shareholders, was in the form of a lucrative Consulting Agreement entered into between Hauslein and Luxottica, under which Luxottica allegedly agreed to pay Hauslein $15 million over a five-year period.Note: This action was filed on behalf of all persons who tendered their shares of common stock of Sunglass Hut International, Inc. to Shade Acquisition Corp., pursuant to the Tender Offer dated March 5, 2001 by Luxottica Group S.p.A. and Shade to Sunglass shareholders, in exchange for $11.50 net cash per share (the "Class").  Excluded from the Class are the named Defendants and James N. Hauslein, who is the Chairman of the Board of Sunglass.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated 6/12/01, the complaint charges defendants with violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and  15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange  Act of 1934. It alleges that the March 6, 2000 Registration Statement and the  Prospectus for the initial public offering of 10,000,000 shares of Net2000  common stock (the "Offering"), contained material misrepresentations and/or  omissions. The complaint also alleges that defendants were responsible for the  materially false and misleading statements and that the underwriters of  Net2000's Offering engaged in a pattern of conduct to surreptitiously extract  inflated commissions greater than those disclosed in the Offering materials.  


           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2002, starting on June 15, 2001, several stockholder class action complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against iPrint, two of our former officers and/or directors, and several investment banking firms that served as underwriters of our March 2000 initial public offering. The cases, which were brought purportedly on behalf of all persons who purchased our common stock between March 7, 2000 and December 6, 2000, have been consolidated. Plaintiffs electronically served an amended complaint on or about April 19, 2002.  The Company is aware that similar allegations have been made in lawsuits relating to more than 300 other initial public offerings conducted in 1999 and 2000. Those cases have been consolidated for pretrial purposes. Defendants’ time to respond to the complaints has been stayed pending a plan for further coordination. The complaint charges defendants with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a)of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder) and Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions. The Prospectus was issued in connection with the iPrint IPO. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted iPrint shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase iPrint shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2006, in June 2004, an agreement of settlement was submitted to the Court for preliminary approval. The Court granted the preliminary approval motion on February 15, 2005, subject to certain modifications. On August 31, 2005, the Court issued a preliminary order further approving the modifications to the settlement and certifying the settlement classes. The Court also appointed the Notice Administrator for the settlement and ordered that notice of the settlement be distributed to all settlement class members beginning on November 15, 2005. The settlement fairness hearing has been set for April 24, 2006. Following the hearing, if the Court determines that the settlement is fair to the class members, the settlement will be approved. There can be no assurance that this proposed settlement would be approved and implemented in its current form, or at all.As disclosed by the same SEC filing, the Company has been named in several class actions filed in federal court in the Southern District of New York between approximately June 13, 2001 and June 28, 2001 (collectively the "IPO Allocation Litigation"). The IPO Allocation Litigation was filed on behalf of purported classes of plaintiffs who acquired the Company's common shares during certain periods. These lawsuits have since been consolidated into a single action and an amended complaint was filed on or about April 19, 2002. Similar actions have or since been filed against over 300 other issuers that have had initial public offerings since 1998 and all are included in a single coordinated proceeding in the Southern District of New York. In October 2002, the Individual Defendants were dismissed from the IPO Allocation Litigation without prejudice. In July 2003, a committee of the Company's Board of Directors conditionally approved a proposed partial settlement with the plaintiffs in this matter. The settlement would provide, among other things, a release of the Company and of the Individual Defendants for the conduct alleged in the action to be wrongful in the amended complaint. The Company would agree to undertake other responsibilities under the partial settlement, including agreeing to assign away, not assert, or release certain potential claims the Company may have against its underwriters. Any direct financial impact of the proposed settlement is expected to be borne by the Company's insurers.The complaint alleges of Sections 10(b) and 20(a)of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder) and Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions. The Prospectus was issued in connection with the 724 Solutions IPO. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted 724 Solutions shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase 724 Solutions shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According FORM 10-Q filed for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2003, in June 2003, Onvia, along with most of the companies named as defendants in this litigation, accepted a settlement proposal negotiated among plaintiffs, underwriters and issuers. The major points of the settlement are: (1) insurers will provide a $1 billion guaranty payable to plaintiffs; (2) companies will assign excess compensation claims against underwriters to plaintiffs; (3) companies will agree not to assert pricing claims or claims for indemnification against the underwriters; (4) companies and their officers and directors will be released from any further litigation relating to these claims; and (5) companies will agree to cooperate in any document discovery. The final settlement agreement must be negotiated and approved by the court. We have a $30 million directors and officers liability policy that would cover any award up to $30 million, subject to a $250,000 self retention.Previously, on October 9, 2002, an order of dismissal without prejudice was entered, dismissing former officers Glenn S. Ballman and Mark T. Calvert. In 2001, a total of five securities class action suits were filed against Onvia, former executive officers Glenn S. Ballman and Mark T. Calvert, and Onvia's lead underwriter, Credit Suisse First Boston (CSFB). On or around April 19, 2002, these five suits were consolidated, the consolidated complaint was filed and a lead plaintiff was appointed. The complaint original charges defendants with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder) and Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the Prospectus) that contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions. The Prospectus was issued in connection with the Onvia IPO. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Onvia shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Onvia shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated Wednesday June 13, 2001 a Class Action Lawsuit Commenced Against Netcentives, Inc. (NCNT) By Bernstein Liebhard & Lifshitz, LLP. The complaint charges defendants with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder) and Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions. The Prospectus was issued in connection with the Netcentives IPO. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Netcentives shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Netcentives shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.


           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2005, a tentative settlement has recently been reached between the plaintiffs and all defendant stock issuers, with ongoing negotiations as to the specific terms of the settlement agreement. Under that agreement, the Company would not be required to pay any damages, expenses or litigation costs to the plaintiffs. When negotiations are completed and the parties have agreed upon the final terms of the settlement agreement, the agreement must be approved by the court before dismissal of us and other parties to the agreement from the suit. On February 15, 2005, the Judge preliminarily approved the issuer’s settlement agreement. Final approval is subject to certain revisions requested by the Judge, notice to the affected class members, and a final hearing.As summarized by the same SEC filing, the Company and certain of its present officers and directors as well as its lead initial public offering underwriter and lead underwriter of our September 2000 initial public offering, Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, were named as defendants in several law suits, the first of which is a class action filed on June 8, 2001 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. These lawsuits against the Company, as well as those alleging similar claims against other issuers in initial public offerings, have been consolidated for pre-trial purposes with a multitude of other securities related suits. In April 2002, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. The consolidated amended complaint pleads claims under both the 1933 Securities Act and under the 1934 Securities Exchange Act. In addition to the allegations of wrongdoing described above, plaintiffs also now allege that analysts employed by underwriters who were acting as investment bankers for the Company improperly touted the value of its shares during the relevant class period as part of the purported scheme to artificially inflate the value of the Company's shares. In October 2002, the individual employee defendants were dismissed from the class action suit. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages, litigation costs and expenses. The complaint alleges that defendants Intersil, certain individuals and Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the ``Prospectus'') that contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions. The Prospectus was issued in connection with the Intersil IPO. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) Credit Suisse's agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Intersil shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between Credit Suisse and certain of its customers whereby Credit Suisse would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Intersil shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			By the closing Order, dated November 15, 2002, from U.S. District Judge Leonie M. Brinkema of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, the case was settled and dismissed with prejudice.  On September 18, 2001, the District Court appointed Glancy & Binkow Lead Counsel to prosecute this case on behalf of ECI investors. In the Second Amended Complaint, plaintiffs alleged ECI fraudulently engaged in a premature revenue recognition scheme, which violated both Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and ECI’s own accounting policies. Following the District Court’s denial of the defendants’ motions to dismiss, plaintiff began extensive discovery. According to the Notice of Pendency and Settlement of the Class action, the parties reached an agreement on or about November 18, 2002 and established a Settlement Fund of $21.75 million in cash.According to the Second Amended Complaint, plaintiffs alleged ECI fraudulently engaged in a premature revenue recognition scheme, which violated both Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and ECI’s own accounting policies. More specifically, the Complaint alleges that defendants ECI Telecom Ltd. and certain of its officers and directors violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (``Exchange Act'') and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market concerning, inter alia, ECI's reported revenue for the first, second and third quarters of 2000. On Feb. 14, 2001, the Company announced that it expected to move $38 million in revenue from 1999's financial statement to 2000, and $61 million from 2000 to 2001.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2006, in June 2003, the Company elected to participate in a proposed settlement agreement with the plaintiffs in this litigation. The Company understands that virtually all of the other non-bankrupt issuer defendants have also elected to participate in this proposed settlement. If ultimately approved by the court, this proposed settlement would result in the dismissal, with prejudice, of all claims in the litigation against the Company and against the other issuer defendants who have elected to participate in the proposed settlement, together with the current or former officers and directors of participating issuers who were named as individual defendants. The proposed settlement does not provide for the resolution of any claims against the underwriter defendants. The proposed settlement provides that the insurers of the participating issuer defendants will guarantee that the plaintiffs in the cases brought against the participating issuer defendants will recover at least $1 billion. If recoveries totaling $1 billion or more are obtained by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants, however, the monetary obligations to the plaintiffs under the proposed settlement will be satisfied. In addition, the Company and the other participating issuer defendants will be required to assign to the plaintiffs certain claims that the participating issuer defendants may have against the underwriters of their IPOs. Consummation of the proposed settlement is conditioned upon obtaining approval by the court. On September 1, 2005, the court preliminarily approved the proposed settlement and directed that notice of the terms of the proposed settlement be provided to class members. Thereafter the court held a fairness hearing on April 24, 2006, at which objections to the proposed settlement were heard. After the fairness hearing, the court took under advisement whether to grant final approval to the proposed settlement.As summarized by the same SEC filing, during the period from June 12 to September 13, 2001, four purported securities class action lawsuits were filed against Telaxis Communications Corporation, a predecessor company to Terabeam, Inc., in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. On April 19, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a single consolidated amended complaint which supersedes the individual complaints originally filed. These lawsuits have been assigned along with approximately 1,000 other lawsuits making substantially similar allegations against approximately 300 other publicly-traded companies and their public offering underwriters to a single federal judge in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York for consolidated pre-trial purposes. On July 15, 2002, together with the other issuer defendants, Telaxis filed a collective motion to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint against the issuers on various legal grounds common to all or most of the issuer defendants. The underwriters also filed separate motions to dismiss the claims against them. In October 2002, the court approved a stipulation dismissing without prejudice all claims against the Telaxis directors and officers who had been defendants in the litigation. On February 19, 2003, the court issued its ruling on the separate motions to dismiss filed by the issuer defendants and the underwriter defendants. The court granted in part and denied in part the issuer defendants' motions. The court dismissed, with prejudice, all claims brought against Telaxis under the anti-fraud provisions of the securities laws. The court denied the motion to dismiss the claims brought under the registration provisions of the securities laws (which do not require that intent to defraud be pleaded) as to Telaxis and as to substantially all of the other issuer defendants. The court denied the underwriter defendants' motion to dismiss in all respects.The complaint charges defendants with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder) and Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions. The Prospectus was issued in connection with the Telaxis IPO. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Telaxis shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Telaxis shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 30, 2006, on June 26, 2003, the plaintiffs announced a proposed settlement with the Company and the other issuer defendants. The proposed settlement provides that the plaintiffs will be guaranteed $1.0 billion dollars in recoveries by the insurers of the Company and other issuer defendants. Accordingly, any direct financial impact of the proposed settlement is expected to be borne by the Company’s insurers in accordance with the proposed settlement. In addition, the Company and the other settling issuer defendants will assign to the plaintiffs certain claims that they may have against the underwriters. If recoveries in excess of $1.0 billion dollars are obtained by the plaintiffs from the underwriters, the Company’s and the other issuer defendants’ monetary obligations to the class plaintiffs will be satisfied. Furthermore, the settlement is subject to a hearing on fairness and approval by the Federal District Court overseeing the IPO Litigation. On February 15, 2005, the Court issued an order preliminarily approving the terms of the proposed settlement. The Court also certified the settlement classes and class representatives for purposes of the proposed settlement only. On April 24, 2006, the Court held a fairness hearing to determine whether the proposed settlement should be approved. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and assignment of claims against the underwriters, and because the settlement has not yet been finally approved by the Federal District Court, the ultimate outcome of the matter cannot be predicted. As disclosed by the same SEC filing, on June 12, 2001, a securities class action lawsuit in which the Company and certain of its officers and directors are named as defendants was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. More than 150 issuers have been named in similar lawsuits. In July 2002, an omnibus motion to dismiss all complaints against issuers and individual defendants affiliated with issuers (including the TiVo defendants) was filed by the entire group of issuer defendants in these similar actions. On October 8, 2002, TiVo’s officers were dismissed as defendants in the lawsuit. On February 19, 2003, the court in this action issued its decision on defendants’ omnibus motion to dismiss. This decision dismissed the Section 10(b) claim as to TiVo but denied the motion to dismiss the Section 11 claim as to TiVo and virtually all of the other issuer-defendants.The complaint charges defendants with violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions. The Prospectus was issued in connection with the TiVo IPO. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted TiVo shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase TiVo shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, in June 2004, the proposed settlement was submitted to the court for preliminary approval. The court requested that any objections to preliminary approval of the settlement be submitted by July 14, 2004, and the underwriter defendants formally objected to the settlement. The plaintiff and issuer defendants separately filed replies to the underwriter defendants' objections to the settlement on August 4, 2004. The court granted preliminary approval on February 15, 2005, subject to certain modifications. On August 31, 2005, the court issued a preliminary order further approving the modifications to the settlement and certifying the settlement cases. The court also appointed the Notice Administrator for the settlement and ordered that notice of the settlement be distributed to all settlement class members beginning on November 15, 2005 and completed by January 15, 2006. The settlement fairness hearing was held on April 24, 2006, and the court reserved decision. If the court determines that the settlement is fair to the class members, the settlement will be approved. There can be no assurance that this proposed settlement would be approved and implemented in its current form, or at all.As summarized by the same SEC filing, in June 2001, the Company and certain of its officers were named as defendants in a securities class action filed in United States District Court for the Southern District of New York related to its initial public offering in July 1999. The lawsuits also named certain of the underwriters of the IPO as well as certain of the Company's officers and directors and former directors as defendants. Approximately 300 other issuers and their underwriters have had similar suits filed against them, all of which are included in a single coordinated proceeding in the Southern District of New York (the “IPO Litigations”). An amendment complaint was filed on April 19, 2002.  On July 1, 2002, the underwriter defendants in the consolidated actions moved to dismiss all of the IPO Litigations, including the action involving the Company. On July 15, 2002 the Company along with other non-underwriter defendants in the coordinated cases also moved to dismiss the IPO Litigations. On February 19, 2003, the court ruled on the motions. The court granted the Company's motion to dismiss the claims against the Company under Rule 10b-5, due to the insufficiency of the allegations against the Company. The motions to dismiss the claims under Section 11 of the Securities Act were denied as to virtually all of the defendants in the consolidated cases, including the Company. The Company's individual officers, directors and former director defendants in the IPO Litigation signed a tolling agreement and were dismissed from the action without prejudice on October 9, 2002. In June 2003, a proposed settlement of this litigation was reached among the plaintiffs, the issuer defendants in the consolidated actions, the issuer officers and directors named as defendants, and the issuers' insurance companies. The settlement would provide, among other things, a release for the Company and for the individual defendants for the conduct alleged to be wrongful in the amended complaint. The Company would agree to undertake other responsibilities under the partial settlement, including agreeing to assign away, not assert, or release certain potential claims the Company that may have against the underwriters. Any direct financial impact of the proposed settlement is expected to be borne by the Company's insurance carriers.The complaint alleges that defendants Audible, Inc. and certain individuals violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling Audible common stock pursuant to the July 16, 1999 IPO without disclosing to investors that some of the underwriters in the offering, including the lead underwriters, had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. The complaint alleges that, in exchange for the excessive commissions, joint lead underwriters Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Volpe Brown Whelen & Company, LLC and Wit Capital Corporation allocated Audible shares to customers at the IPO price of $9.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $9.00, the underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of Audible stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive Audible's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $9.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $23.50 during its first day of trading.  Rather than allowing their customers to keep their profits from the IPO, the complaint alleges, the underwriters required their customers to ``kick back'' some of their profits in the form of secret commissions. These secret commission payments were sometimes calculated after the fact based on how much profit each investor had made from his or her IPO stock allocation. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the Audible offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO transaction and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme discussed above.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, all of the suits were consolidated into a single amended complaint containing additional factual allegations concerning the events set forth in the original complaints filed with the District Court in April 2002. In October 2002, the District Court entered an order dismissing, without prejudice, the claims against the individual Verticalnet officers and directors who had been named as defendants in the various complaints. In February 2003, the District Court entered an order denying a motion made by the defendants to dismiss the actions in their entirety, but granting the motion as to certain of the claims against some defendants. However, the District Court did not dismiss any claims against Verticalnet. In June 2003, Verticalnet’s counsel, with the approval of Verticalnet’s directors, executed a memorandum of understanding on behalf of Verticalnet with respect to a proposed settlement of the plaintiffs’ claims against Verticalnet. The proposed settlement, if finally approved by the District Court, would result in, among other things, the dismissal of all claims against Verticalnet and its officers and directors. Under the present terms of the proposed settlement, Verticalnet would also assign its claims against the underwriters to the plaintiffs in the consolidated actions. In February 2005, the District Court preliminarily approved the proposed settlement. In April 2006, the District Court held a final “fairness” hearing on the proposed settlement but reserved its final approval.The complaint alleges that defendants VerticalNet, Inc. and certain individuals violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling VerticalNet common stock pursuant to the February 11, 1999 IPO without disclosing to investors that some of the underwriters in the offering, including the lead underwriters, had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. The complaint alleges that, in exchange for the excessive commissions, joint lead underwriters Lehman Brothers, Inc., Hambrecht & Quist LLC, Volpe Brown Whelan & Company, LLC and Wit Capital Corporation allocated VerticalNet shares to customers at the IPO price of $16.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $16.00, the underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of VerticalNet stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive VerticalNet's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $16.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as over $138 a little over one year after the IPO. Rather than allowing their customers to keep their profits from the IPO, the complaint alleges, the underwriters required their customers to ``kick back'' some of their profits in the form of secret commissions. These secret commission payments were sometimes calculated after the fact based on how much profit each investor had made from his or her IPO stock allocation. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the VerticalNet offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO transaction and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme discussed above. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004, on June 30, 2003, a Special Litigation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company approved a Memorandum of Understanding (the “MOU”) reflecting a tentative settlement in which the plaintiffs agreed to dismiss the case against the Company with prejudice in return for the assignment by the Company of certain claims that it might have against its underwriters. The same offer of settlement was made to all issuer defendants involved in the litigation. No payment to the plaintiffs by the Company was required under the MOU. After further negotiations, the essential terms of the MOU were formalized in a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (“Settlement”), which has been executed on the Company’s behalf and on behalf of the Individual Defendants. The settling parties presented the proposed Settlement to the Court on June 15, 2004 and filed formal motions seeking preliminary approval on June 25, 2004. The underwriter defendants, who are not parties to the proposed Settlement, filed a brief objecting to the Settlement’s terms on July 14, 2004. On February 15, 2005, the Court granted preliminary approval of the settlement conditioned on the agreement by the parties to narrow one of a number of the provisions intended to protect the issuers against possible future claims by the underwriters. A final hearing on the approval of the settlement is scheduled for mid March 2005.As disclosed by the same SEC filing, on August 9, 2001, these actions were consolidated for pre-trial purposes before a single judge along with similar actions involving IPOs of numerous other issuers. On February 14, 2002, the parties signed and filed a stipulation dismissing the consolidated action without prejudice against the Company and the Individual Defendants, which the Court approved and entered as an order on March 1, 2002. On April 20, 2002, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in which they elected to proceed with their claims against the Company and the Individual Defendants only under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The amended complaint alleges that the prospectus filed in connection with the IPO was false or misleading in that it failed to disclose: (i) that the underwriters allegedly were paid excessive commissions by certain of the underwriters’ customers in return for receiving shares in the IPO and (ii) that certain of the underwriters’ customers allegedly agreed to purchase additional shares of our common stock in the aftermarket in return for an allocation of shares in the IPO. The complaint further alleges that the underwriters offered to provide positive market analyst coverage for the Company after the IPO, which had the effect of manipulating the market for our stock. Plaintiffs contend that, as a result of the omissions from the prospectus and alleged market manipulation through the use of analysts, the price of the Company’s common stock was artificially inflated between November 18, 1999 and December 6, 2000, and that the defendants are liable for unspecified damages to those persons who purchased the Company’s common stock during that period. On July 15, 2002, the Company and the Individual Defendants, along with the rest of the issuers and related officer and director defendants, filed a joint motion to dismiss based on common issues. Opposition and reply papers were filed. The Court rendered its decision on February 19, 2003, which granted dismissal in part of a claim against one of the Individual Defendants and denied dismissal in all other respects.The lawsuit asserts claims under Section 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated by the SEC thereunder and seeks to recover damages. Any member of the class may move the Court to be named lead plaintiff. If you wish to serve as lead plaintiff, you must move the Court no later than August 10, 2001. The complaint alleges that Retek, Inc, John Buchanan, its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Gregory A. Effertz, its Chief Financial Officer, violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling Retek common stock pursuant to the initial public offering without disclosing to investors that at least two of the lead underwriters of the IPO had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. In exchange for the excessive commissions, the complaint alleges, lead underwriters Credit Suisse First Boston Corp. and FleetBoston Robertson Stephens, Inc. allocated Retek shares to customers at the IPO price of $15.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $15.00, the defendant lead underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of Retek stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive Retek's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying Retek stock at the $15.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $40.00 during its first day of trading. Rather than allowing their customers to keep their profits from the IPO, the complaint alleges, the defendant lead underwriters required their customers to ``kick back'' some of their profits in the form of secret commissions. These secret commission payments were sometimes calculated after the fact based on how much profit each investor had made from his or her IPO stock allocation.
   				

           			The complaint alleges that defendants violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling El Sitio common stock pursuant to the December 9, 1999 IPO without disclosing to investors that some of the underwriters in the offering, including the lead underwriters, had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. The complaint alleges that, in exchange for the excessive commissions, joint lead underwriters Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation and Lehman Brothers Inc., as well as members of the underwriting group Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Salomon Smith Barney, Inc., and Wit Capital Corporation allocated El Sitio shares to customers at the IPO price of $16.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $16.00, the underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of El Sitio stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive El Sitio's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $16.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $40 during its first day of trading and subsequently reached a peak of $44 7/8 on December 29, 1999. Rather than allowing their customers to keep their profits from the IPO, the complaint alleges, the underwriters required their customers to ``kick back'' some of their profits in the form of secret commissions. These secret commission payments were sometimes calculated after the fact based on how much profit each investor had made from his or her IPO stock allocation. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the El Sitio offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO transaction and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme discussed above. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2007, on December 5, 2006 the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit issued an opinion reversing Judge Scheindlin's prior certification of the plaintiff classes in several "focus" cases pending before her as part of the consolidated IPO Lawsuits. As a result of this ruling, on June 25, 2007, Judge Scheindlin issued an order terminating the settlement among the plaintiffs, the issuers and their insurers. The parties in the "focus" cases have agreed to a schedule for the filing of papers seeking certification of a new class of plaintiffs, which will not be completed until February 2008. The final resolution of this litigation is not expected to have a material impact on Caliper.As summarized by the same SEC filing, commencing on June 7, 2001, Caliper and three of its officers and directors (David V. Milligan, Daniel L. Kisner and James L. Knighton) were named as defendants in three securities class action lawsuits filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The cases have been consolidated under the caption, In re Caliper Technologies Corp. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 01 Civ. 5072 (SAS) (GBD). Similar complaints were filed against approximately 300 other public companies that conducted initial public offerings of their common stock during the late 1990s (the "IPO Lawsuits"). On August 8, 2001, the IPO Lawsuits were consolidated for pretrial purposes before United States Judge Shira Scheindlin of the Southern District of New York. Together, those cases are denominated In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92(SAS). On April 19, 2002, a Consolidated Amended Complaint was filed alleging claims against Caliper and the individual defendants under Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, and under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The Consolidated Amended Complaint also names certain underwriters of Caliper's December 1999 initial public offering of common stock as defendants. The Complaint alleges that these underwriters charged excessive, undisclosed commissions to investors and entered into improper agreements with investors relating to aftermarket transactions. The Complaint seeks an unspecified amount of money damages. Caliper and the other issuers named as defendants in the IPO Lawsuits moved on July 15, 2002, to dismiss all claims on multiple grounds. By Stipulation and Order dated October 9, 2002, the claims against Messrs. Milligan, Kisner and Knighton were dismissed without prejudice. On February 19, 2003, the Court granted Caliper's motion to dismiss all claims against it. Plaintiffs were not given the right to replead the claims against Caliper. The time to appeal the dismissal has not yet expired. During 2003, a settlement, subject to final approval by Judge Scheindlin, was reached among the plaintiffs, the issuers and their insurers that would result in the termination of all claims brought by plaintiffs against the issuers and individual defendants named in the IPO Lawsuits. On July 7, 2003, a Special Litigation Committee of the Caliper Board of Directors approved the terms of this settlement, which was subject to approval by Judge Scheindlin. Judge Scheindlin held a fairness hearing for final approval of the settlement on April 24, 2006, but did not issue an approval order.The original securities class action lawsuit was filed against Caliper Technologies, Inc.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectus was issued in connection with Caliper' IPO. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) Credit Suisse's agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Caliper shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between Credit Suisse and certain of its customers whereby Credit Suisse would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Caliper shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices. 
   				

           			According to Trinsic, Inc.’s (formerly Z-Tel Communications) FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2006, a settlement has been reached by the plaintiffs, the issuers and insurers of the issuers. The principal terms of the proposed settlement are (i) a release of all claims against the issuers and their officers and directors, (ii) the assignment by the issuers to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuers may have against the Underwriters and (iii) an undertaking by the insurers to ensure the plaintiffs receive not less than $1 billion in connection with claims against the Underwriters. Hence, under the terms of the proposed settlement our financial obligations will likely be covered by insurance. To be binding the settlement must be approved by the court. The court has given preliminary, but not final approval of the settlement. A fairness hearing was held April 24, 2006. The court has not yet made its ruling as to fairness. There is no assurance that the settlement will be finally approved by the court.As disclosed by the same SEC filing, during June and July 2001, three separate class action lawsuits were filed against the Company, certain of its current and former directors and officers (the “D&Os”) and firms engaged in the underwriting (the “Underwriters”) of our initial public offering of stock (the “IPO”). The lawsuits, along with approximately 310 other similar lawsuits filed against other issuers arising out of initial public offering allocations, have been assigned to a Judge in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York for pretrial coordination. The lawsuits against the Company have been consolidated into a single action. A consolidated amended complaint was filed on April 20, 2002. A Second Corrected Amended Complaint (the “Amended Complaint”), which is the operative complaint, was filed on July 12, 2002. Initial discovery has begun. The Company believes it isentitled to indemnification from its Underwriters.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (theProspectus) that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectus was issued in connection with Z-TEL' IPO. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) Credit Suisse's agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Z-TEL shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between Credit Suisse and certain of its customers whereby Credit Suisse would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Z-TEL shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices. 
   				

           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 28, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement.According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, in February 2003, the defendants’ motion to dismiss certain of the plaintiffs’ claims was granted in part, but, for the most part, denied. In June 2003, a proposed settlement of this litigation was structured between the plaintiffs, the issuer defendants, the issuer officers and directors named as defendants, and the issuers’ insurance companies. The proposed settlement generally provides that the issuer defendants and related individual defendants will be released from the litigation without any liability other than certain expenses incurred to date in connection with the litigation, the issuer defendants’ insurers will guarantee $1.0 billion in recoveries by plaintiff class members, the issuer defendants will assign certain claims against the underwriter defendants to the plaintiff class members, and the issuer defendants will have the opportunity to recover certain litigation-related expenses if the plaintiffs recover more than $5.0 billion from the underwriter defendants. The respective boards of directors of iVillage and Women.com each approved the proposed settlement in July 2003. On June 25, 2004, the plaintiffs filed a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement with the court, which was accompanied by a brief filed by the issuer defendants in support of the plaintiffs’ motion. The court requested that any objections to preliminary approval of the settlement be submitted by July 14, 2004, and certain underwriter defendants formally objected to the settlement. The plaintiffs and issuer defendants separately filed replies to the underwriter defendants’ objections to the settlement on August 4, 2004.  On February 15, 2005, the court issued an opinion and order granting preliminary approval to the settlement and ordering the plaintiffs and issuer defendants to submit to the court a revised settlement stipulation consistent with the court’s order.  Pursuant to the court’s instruction, the parties to the settlement agreement submitted the revised settlement stipulation on May 2, 2005.  On August 31, 2005, the Court granted preliminary approval to the amended settlement stipulation.  As part of its August 31, 2005 preliminary order, the court set a deadline of March 24, 2006 for any party to file an objection to the settlement and scheduled a fairness hearing for April 24, 2006.The original complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the iVillage offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme.
   				

           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement.In June 2004, a stipulation of settlement and release of claims against the issuer defendants, including the Company, was submitted to the court for approval. The terms of the settlement if approved, would dismiss and release all claims against the participating defendants (including the Company). In exchange for this dismissal, D&O insurance carriers would agree to guarantee a recovery by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants of at least $1 billion, and the issuer defendants would agree to an assignment or surrender to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters. On August 31, 2005, the court confirmed preliminary approval of the settlement.According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2003, between June 5 and July 26, 2001, four class action complaints, alleging violations of Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Sections 10(b) and 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company, certain of its officers and directors and certain underwriters of the Company’s initial public offering (IPO). On August 9, 2001, these actions were consolidated before a single judge along with cases brought against numerous other issuers and their underwriters that make similar allegations involving the IPOs of those issuers. The consolidation was for purposes of pretrial motions and discovery only. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on April 20, 2002. On July 15, 2002, the Company and the individual defendants, along with the other issuers and their related officer and director defendants, filed a joint motion to dismiss based on common issues. Arguments for and against the motion to dismiss were presented to the court on November 1, 2002. The court denied the Company’s motion on February 19, 2003. Discovery is currently ongoing.The complaint alleges that Expedia, Inc. and certain of its officers violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling Expedia common stock pursuant to the initial public offering without disclosing to investors that at least two of the lead underwriters and two of the other underwriters of the IPO had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. In exchange for the excessive commissions, the complaint alleges, lead underwriters The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., Inc. and underwriters FleetBoston Robertson Stephens, Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. allocated Expedia shares to customers at the IPO price of $14.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $14.00, the defendant underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of Expedia stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive Expedia's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying Expedia stock at the $14.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $65.88 during its first day of trading. Rather than allowing their customers to keep their profits from the IPO, the complaint alleges, the defendant underwriters required their customers to ``kick back'' some of their profits in the form of secret commissions. These secret commission payments were sometimes calculated after the fact based on how much profit each investor had made from his or her IPO stock allocation. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the Expedia offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme discussed above. 
   				



           			According to the docket, on June 21, 2004, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment signed by U.S. District Judge Donovan W. Frank.  The Court granted the motion for final approval of the settlement, the plan of allocation and the award of attorney fees and reimbursement of expenses.Earlier, on May 15, 2002, Court entered the Memorandum, Opinion, and Order denying Chronimed’s motion to dismiss the amended and consolidated class action complaint.  On March 15, 2004, a hearing was held and Judge Frank granted preliminary approval of the class action settlement.  A Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement was also filed that day.The original complaint charges defendants with violations of sections 10(b) and 20(a) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint alleges that during the Class Period, defendants issued to the investing public false and misleading financial statements and press releases concerning the Company's publicly reported earnings, net income, and liabilities. Moreover, the Company failed to disclose material information necessary to make its prior statements not misleading. On June 14, 2001, prior to the opening of the market, Chronimed shocked the investing community by announcing that the Company intends to adjust reported revenue, earnings, and accounts receivable for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2000 and the three quarters ended March 30, 2001 because Chronimed's overall revenue, earnings, and receivables have been overstated for those periods. The Company explained that problems in its StatScript retail computer accounting systems and procedures allowed certain prescriptions to be recorded as revenue more than once. The Company added that it believes the adjustments will be material to its previously reported financial statements, and therefore, prior financial statements should not be relied upon, and the Company is suspending its previous guidance on financial performance until it completes its ongoing review and produces restated financial statements. These disclosures contradicted much of the information provided by defendants to the market during the Class Period concerning its financial results and caused the NASDAQ to halt trading in Chronimed at 9:22 A.M. Eastern Time until the Company fully satisfies the NASDAQ's request for additional information. The last trading price before the NASDAQ halted trading was $9.35 per share.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 30, 2006, on June 30, 2003, our Board of Directors considered and authorized us to negotiate a settlement of the pending Class Action Litigation substantially consistent with a memorandum of understanding negotiated among proposed class plaintiffs, the issuer defendants and the insurers for such issuer defendants. Among other contingencies, any such settlement would be subject to approval by the Court. Plaintiffs filed on June 14, 2004, a motion for preliminary approval of the Stipulation And Agreement Of Settlement With Defendant Issuers And Individuals (the “Preliminary Approval Motion”). On February 15, 2005, the Court approved the Preliminary Approval Motion in a written opinion which detailed the terms of the settlement stipulation, its accompanying documents and schedules, the proposed class notice and, with a modification to the bar order to be entered, the proposed settlement order and judgment. A further conference was held on April 13, 2005, at which time the Court considered additional submissions but did not make final determinations regarding the exact form, substance and program for notifying the proposed settlement class. On August 31, 2005, the Court entered a further Preliminary Order in Connection with Settlement Proceedings (the “Preliminary Approval Order”), which granted preliminary approval to the issuer’s settlement with the plaintiffs in the IPO Securities Litigation. The Court subsequently held a Fed. R. Civ. P. 23 fairness hearing on April 24, 2006 in order to consider the written and oral submissions addressing whether the Court should enter final approval of the settlement; the matter was taken under advisement and remains pending with the Court. As summarized by the same SEC filing, five cases, along with lawsuits naming more than 300 other issuers and over 50 investment banks which have been sued in substantially similar lawsuits, have been assigned to the Honorable Shira A. Scheindlin (the “Court”) for all pretrial purposes (the “IPO Securities Litigation”). On September 6, 2001, the Court entered an order consolidating the five individual cases involving the Company and designating Werman v. NaviSite, Inc., et al., Civil Action No. 01-CV-5374 as the lead case. A consolidated, amended complaint was filed thereafter on April 19, 2002. Between July and September 2002, the parties to the IPO Securities Litigation briefed motions to dismiss filed by the underwriter defendants and the issuer defendants, including NaviSite. On November 1, 2002, the Court held oral argument on the motions to dismiss. The plaintiffs have since agreed to dismiss the claims against Messrs. Rosen, Hale and Eisenberg without prejudice, in return for their agreement to toll any statute of limitations applicable to those claims. By stipulation entered by the Court on November 18, 2002, Messrs. Rosen, Hale and Eisenberg were dismissed without prejudice from the Class Action Litigation. On February 19, 2003, an opinion and order was issued on defendants’ motion to dismiss the IPO Securities Litigation, essentially denying the motions to dismiss of all 55 underwriter defendants and of 185 of the 301 issuer defendants, including NaviSite.The complaint charges defendants with violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions. The Prospectus was issued in connection with the NaviSite IPO. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Robertson Stephens had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Robertson Stephens, allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of NaviSite shares issued in connection with the NaviSite IPO; and (ii) Robertson Stephens had entered into agreements with customers whereby Robertson Stephens agreed to allocate NaviSite shares to those customers in the NaviSite IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional NaviSite shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the docket, on March 12, 2004, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order by U.S. District Judge Shirley Wohl Kram.  The Court later entered the Order granting the motion to authorize the distribution of the settlement fund.The Notice of Settlement posted states that the proposed settlement was in the amount of $1,300,000 in cash. As outlined in the Notice, a Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint (the “Amended Complaint”) was filed on November 2, 2001. It asserted claims against Emex and the Individual Defendants (as defined below) for alleged violations of the federal securities laws, specifically §§ 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The Amended Complaint added Individual defendants, Stanson & Iannazzo (“S&I”), Universal Equities Consolidated, LLC (“Universal”) and Thorn Tree Resources LLC (“Thorn Tree”). Defendants moved to dismiss the Amended Complaint, and on September 17, 2002, the Court denied the motion with respect to claims asserted against Emex and certain Individual Defendants, but granted the motion for claims asserted against S&I, Universal and Thorn Tree.Immediately following the decision on the motion to dismiss, Lead Plaintiffs issued comprehensive discovery requests to Emex and each of the Individual Defendants. Lead Plaintiffs also served subpoenas on several third parties involved in the financing efforts. Pursuant to these discovery requests, Lead Plaintiffs obtained, reviewed, and analyzed several thousand pages of documents essential to understanding the claims at issue, including notes of key meetings related to the financing efforts. Lead Plaintiffs also filed a motion seeking certification of the Class.On December 31, 2002, Emex filed a petition for liquidation under Chapter 7 of the United States Bankruptcy Code.The complaint charges the defendants with having issued a false and misleading press release concerning its successful attempt to secure much-needed financing. In particular, on April 9, 2001, the Company announced that it had obtained $100 million in project financing to build the first of a series of its highly-touted commercial plants. The Company credited the success of the deal to ``the efforts of Credit Suisse First Boston,'' a prestigious Wall Street investment firm. In reaction to the news, the price of Emex common stock soared 13% on April 10, 2001. On May 23, 2001, Dow Jones Newswires broke the news that, in fact, Credit Suisse First Boston (``CSFB'') was not involved in securing Emex's financing. According to the May 23rd article, a spokesperson for CSFB stated that CSFB turned down Emex's financing proposal. On May 30, 2001, Emex issued another press release in which it revealed that Fieldstone, Inc., not CSFB, was the financial institution behind the $100 million financing.
   				

           			According to the docket, on August 31, 2001, a notice of dismissal and order was signed by U.S. District Shira A. Scheindlin.  The action was voluntarily dismissed without prejudice pursuant to FRCP 23(e) and 41(a).  The case was closed.The complaint alleges that certain of the executive officers and directors of PNV, together with the underwriters of the company's initial public offering misrepresented the capital and financing requirements of PNV in the prospectus distributed to investors. The complaint further alleges that the prospectus misrepresented that the proceeds of the initial public offering would be sufficient to fund PNV's rapidly expanding operations for at least eighteen months. PNV filed for bankruptcy approximately one year after the date of the initial public offering. 
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on October 26, 2001, the Court entered the Order consolidating the related actions, appointing lead plaintiff and approving lead plaintiff’s selection of lead counsel.  On November 28, 2001, the plaintiffs filed an Amended Class Action Complaint.  In March 2002, the defendants responded by filing motions to dismiss the complaint.  On August 15, 2002, the Court entered the Memorandum and Order signed by U.S. District Judge Lawrence M. McKenna granting the motions to dismiss the complaint.  Finally, on August 20, 2002, the Court entered Judgment, and the case was closedThe original complaint alleges that the prospectus authored by defendants misrepresented the true state of Streamedia's business at the time of the IPO. Specifically, the complaint alleges that Streamedia did not have any of the Internet broadcasting and other technical capabilities that were described in the prospectus. Furthermore, the complaint alleges that the Streamedia had not developed any programming or content for distribution and did not have any licensees or distributors for its claimed programming at the time of the IPO. 
   				

           			The original complaint charges InterVoice and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company was created through the acquisition of Brite Voice Systems, Inc. (``Brite'') for $164.4 million in cash and stock in the 2ndQ F00. The complaint alleges that during the Class Period, defendants made materially false statements about InterVoice's business, its financial results, the success of its integration with Brite and its prospects. As a result, InterVoice's stock was inflated to as high as $38.75 per share. The Individual Defendants took advantage of this inflation, selling 525,916 shares of their InterVoice stock for $13.4 million in proceeds. Then, on 6/6/00, InterVoice shocked the market, revealing that it would report a loss of $0.03 to $0.05 and revenues of only $67-$68 million for the 1st Q F01 rather than the EPS of $0.22 and revenues of $89 million defendants had led the market to expect. Defendants blamed the shortfall on sales people who had begun leaving the Company in the months prior to this disclosure, some of which were unhappy with the integrated Company. Defendants also claimed they had implemented new guidance from the SEC, Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements (``SAB 101'') earlier than planned. These revelation caused InterVoice stock to plummet to as low as $5.75 per share before closing at $6.125, a decline of 85% from its Class Period high on volume of 15.5 million shares.As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended November 30, 2007, several related class action lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas on behalf of purchasers of common stock of Intervoice during the period from October 12, 1999 through June 6, 2000 (the “Class Period”). Plaintiffs have filed claims, which were consolidated into one proceeding, under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) Rule 10b-5 against us as well as certain named current and former officers and directors of Intervoice on behalf of the alleged class members. In the complaint, Plaintiffs claim that we and the named current and former officers and directors issued false and misleading statements during the Class Period concerning the financial condition of Intervoice, the results of the merger with Brite and the alleged future business projections of Intervoice. Plaintiffs have asserted that these alleged statements resulted in artificially inflated stock prices. The District Court dismissed the Plaintiffs’ complaint because it lacked the degree of specificity and factual support to meet the pleading standards applicable to federal securities litigation. The Plaintiffs appealed the dismissal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, which affirmed the dismissal in part and reversed in part. The Fifth Circuit remanded a limited number of issues for further proceedings in the District Court. On September 26, 2006, the District Court granted the Plaintiffs’ motion to certify a class of people who purchased Intervoice stock during the Class Period. On November 14, 2006, the Fifth Circuit granted our petition to appeal the District Court’s decision to grant Plaintiffs’ motion to certify a class. On January 8, 2008, the Fifth Circuit vacated the District Court’s class-certification order and remanded the case to the District Court for further consideration in light of the Fifth Circuit’s decision Oscar Private Equity Investments v. Allegiance Telecom, Inc. The parties have begun the process of presenting additional argument to the District Court regarding class certification. The District Court granted Plaintiffs’ motion for leave to file a second amended complaint and we have moved to dismiss portions of that amended complaint.On March 12, 2008, Judge Ed Kinkeade denied the defendants' motion to dismiss without prejudice.  The defendants' motion for partial judgment on the pleadings was granted in part and denied in part.  The parties have engaged in settlement conferences.  On September 29, 2009, the parties met, and in good faith attempted to settle the case. Nevertheless, the parties did not reach a settlement.On October 26, 2009, the plaintiffs’ February 3, 2006 Motion for Class Certification was denied by the Memorandum Opinion and Order signed by Judge Ed Kinkeade.  The plaintiffs were granted permission to appeal and filed a Notice of Interlocutory Appeal to the Fifth Circuit on January 29, 2010.  The appeal was later dismissed without prejudice. Once again, on March 29, 2010, the Court conducted a settlement conference.  The parties met in good faith and attempted to settle the case.  Nevertheless, the parties did not reach a settlement.On June 23, 2011, the plaintiffs filed an unopposed motion for preliminary approval of the settlement.  According to the Stipulation of Settlement, the proposed settlement is in the amount of $4,750,000 in cash.  The settlement was preliminarily approved on June 30, 2011.  The final approval hearing was set for September 27, 2011.On September 27, 2011, Judge Ed Kinkeade approved the plan of allocation, awarded lead plaintiffs' attorneys' fees and expenses.  The settlement is approved, and the action is dismissed with prejudice.
   				

           			In June 2004, a stipulation of settlement and release of claims against the issuer defendants, including the Company, was submitted to the court for approval. The terms of the settlement if approved, would dismiss and release all claims against the participating defendants (including the Company). In exchange for this dismissal, D&O insurance carriers would agree to guarantee a recovery by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants of at least $1 billion, and the issuer defendants would agree to an assignment or surrender to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters. On August 31, 2005, the court confirmed preliminary approval of the settlement.  In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement.According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2004, in June 2001, a series of putative securities class actions were filed in United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against certain investment bank underwriters for the Company’s initial public offering (“IPO”), the Company, and various of the Company’s officers and directors.  The complaints, which have been consolidated under the caption In re Digital Impact, Inc. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, Civil Action No. 01-CV-4942, allege undisclosed and improper practices concerning the allocation of the Company’s IPO shares, in violation of the federal securities laws, and seek unspecified damages on behalf of persons who purchased the Company’s stock during the period from November 22, 1999 to December 6, 2000.  The Court has appointed a lead plaintiff for the consolidated cases.  On April 19, 2002, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint.  Other actions have been filed making similar allegations regarding the IPOs of more than 300 other companies.  All of these lawsuits have been coordinated for pretrial purposes as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, Civil Action No. 21-MC-92.  Defendants in these cases filed omnibus motions to dismiss on common pleading issues.  Oral argument on these omnibus motions to dismiss was held on November 1, 2002.  The Company’s officers and directors have been dismissed without prejudice in this litigation.  On February 19, 2003, the court granted in part and denied in part the omnibus motion to dismiss. The court’s order did not dismiss any claims against the Company. A stipulation of settlement for the claims against the issuer-defendants, including the Company, has been submitted to the court. The settlement is subject to a number of conditions, including approval of the court. The original complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about November 22, 1999, Digital Impact commenced an initial public offering of 4,500,000 of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $15.00 per share (the ``Digital Impact IPO''). In connection therewith, Digital Impact filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the ``Prospectus''), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Credit Suisse had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Credit Suisse allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Digital Impact shares issued in connection with the Digital Impact IPO; and (ii) Credit Suisse had entered into agreements with customers whereby Credit Suisse agreed to allocate Digital Impact shares to those customers in the Digital Impact IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Digital Impact shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. 
   				

           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement.According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, on August 31, 2005, the Court entered a preliminary order approving the modifications to the Settlement and certifying the settlement classes. The Court also ordered that the mailing of the notices of pendency and proposed settlement of the class actions be completed by January 15, 2006. The deadline for class members to request exclusion from the settlement classes was March 24, 2006. On April 24, 2006, the Court held a hearing in connection with a motion for final approval of a proposed Settlement. The Court did not rule on the fairness of the Settlement at the hearing. It is uncertain when the Court will issue a ruling. Despite the preliminary approval of the Settlement, there can be no assurance that the Court will provide final approval of the Settlement. In the meantime, the plaintiffs and underwriters have continued to litigate the consolidated action. The litigation is proceeding through the class certification phase by focusing on six cases chosen by the plaintiffs and underwriters (“focus cases”). The Company is not a focus case. On October 13, 2004, the Court certified classes in each of the six focus cases. The underwriter defendants have appealed that decision. On June 6, 2006, the Court heard oral argument from the underwriters and the plaintiffs on the appeal. After the argument, the Court indicated that it would reserve its decision. It is uncertain when the Court of Appeals will rule on the appeal.As summarized by the same SEC filing, during 2001, a number of securities class action complaints were filed against the Company, certain of its officers and directors, and certain of the underwriters of the Company’s March 13, 2000 initial public offering (“IPO”). On August 9, 2001, these actions were consolidated before a single judge along with cases brought against numerous other issuers, their officers and directors and their underwriters that make similar allegations involving the allocation of shares in the IPOs of those issuers. The consolidation was for purposes of pretrial motions and discovery only. On April 19, 2002, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint asserting essentially the same claims as the original complaints. During the course of pre-trial proceedings, the plaintiffs dismissed their claims against the individual defendants without prejudice in return for the individual defendants’ execution of a tolling agreement. A motion to dismiss filed by the Company was denied by the Court on November 19, 2003. On June 25, 2003, the Company’s Special Committee of the Board of Directors approved a Memorandum of Understanding (the “MOU”) reflecting a settlement in which the plaintiffs agreed to dismiss the case against the Company with prejudice in return for the Company’s assignment of certain claims that the Company might have against its underwriters. The same offer of settlement was made to all the issuer defendants involved in the litigation. No payment to the plaintiffs by the Company is required under the MOU. After further negotiations, the essential terms of the MOU were formalized in a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (“Settlement”), which has been executed on behalf of the Company. The settling parties presented the proposed Settlement papers to the Court and filed formal motions seeking preliminary approval. The underwriter defendants, who are not parties to the proposed Settlement, filed objections to the Settlement. On February 15, 2005, the Court granted preliminary approval of the Settlement conditioned on the agreement of the parties to narrow one of a number of the provisions intended to protect the issuers against possible future claims by the underwriters. The Company re-approved the Settlement with the proposed modifications that were outlined by the Court in its February 15, 2005 Order granting preliminary approval. Approval of any settlement involves a three-step process in the district court: (i) a preliminary approval, (ii) determination of the appropriate notice of the settlement to be provided to the settlement class, and (iii) a final fairness hearing. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about March 10, 2000, Selectica commenced an initial public offering of 4,000,000 of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $30.00 per share (the ``Selectica IPO''). In connection therewith, Selectica filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the ``Prospectus''), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Credit Suisse and Robertson Stephens had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Credit Suisse and Robertson Stephens allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Selectica shares issued in connection with the Selectica IPO; and (ii) Credit Suisse and Robertson Stephens had entered into agreements with customers whereby Credit Suisse and Robertson Stephens agreed to allocate Selectica shares to those customers in the Selectica IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Selectica shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. 
   				

           			In December 2006, the appellate court overturned the certification of classes in six test cases that were selected by the underwriter defendants and plaintiffs in the coordinated proceedings. Because class certification was a condition of the settlement, it was unlikely that the settlement would receive final Court approval. On June 25, 2007, the Court entered an order terminating the proposed settlement based upon a stipulation among the parties to the settlement.This is one of a number of actions coordinated for pretrial purposes as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92 with the first action filed on January 12, 2001. Plaintiffs in the coordinated proceeding are bringing claims under the federal securities laws against numerous underwriters, companies, and individuals, alleging generally that defendant underwriters engaged in improper and undisclosed activities concerning the allocation of shares in the IPOs of more than 300 companies during late 1998 through 2000. In June 2004, a stipulation of settlement and release of claims against the issuer defendants, including the Company, was submitted to the court for approval. The terms of the settlement if approved, would dismiss and release all claims against the participating defendants (including the Company). In exchange for this dismissal, D&O insurance carriers would agree to guarantee a recovery by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants of at least $1 billion, and the issuer defendants would agree to an assignment or surrender to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters. On August 31, 2005, the court confirmed preliminary approval of the settlement.According to a Press Release dated June 1, 2001, a class action lawsuit was filed against Organic, Inc. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about February 9, 2000, Organic commenced an initial public offering of 5,500,000 of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $20 per share (the ``Organic IPO''). In connection therewith, Organic filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the ``Prospectus''), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch, and Salomon had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch, and Salomon allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Organic shares issued in connection with the Organic IPO; and (ii) Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch, and Salomon had entered into agreements with customers whereby Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch, and Salomon agreed to allocate Organic shares to those customers in the Organic IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Organic shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. 


           			According to the Company’s Form 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2007, on December 5, 2006, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals vacated the lower court's earlier decision certifying as class actions the six IPO Cases designated as "focus cases." Thereafter, the District Court ordered a stay of all proceedings in all of the IPO Cases pending the outcome of plaintiffs' petition to the Second Circuit for rehearing en banc and resolution of the class certification issue. On April 6, 2007, the Second Circuit denied plaintiffs' rehearing petition, but clarified that the plaintiffs may seek to certify a more limited class in the District Court. Accordingly, the stay remains in place and the plaintiffs and Issuers have stated that they are prepared to discuss how the settlement might be amended or renegotiated to comply with the Second Circuit's decision. Plaintiffs filed amended complaints in the six focus cases on or about August 14, 2007. The court has not yet set a deadline for the plaintiffs to file amended complaints in the other IPO lawsuits. As summarized by Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2006, in August 2001, all of the IPO Cases were consolidated for pretrial purposes before United States Judge Shira Scheindlin of the Southern District of New York. In July 2002, the Company joined in a global motion to dismiss the IPO Cases filed by all of the Issuers (among others). In October 2002, the Court entered an order dismissing the Individuals from the IPO Cases without prejudice, pursuant to an agreement tolling the statute of limitations with respect to the Individuals. In February 2003, the Court issued a decision denying the motion to dismiss the Securities Act section 11 and Exchange Act section 10(b) claims against the Company. In June 2003, the Issuers reached a tentative settlement agreement with the plaintiffs that would result in, among other things, (a) the dismissal with prejudice of all claims in the IPO Cases against the Issuers and their officers and directors and (b) a guarantee from the insurers of the Issuers to the plaintiffs that, if the plaintiffs recover less than $1 billion from the Underwriters in the IPO Cases, the insurers would pay the difference between the actual recovery and $1 billion. In June 2004, the Company executed a final settlement agreement with the plaintiffs. On February 15, 2005, the Court issued a decision certifying a class action for settlement purposes, and granting preliminary approval of the settlement subject to modification of certain bar orders contemplated by the settlement. On August 31, 2005, the Court reaffirmed class certification and preliminary approval of the modified settlement in a comprehensive Order. In addition, the Court approved the form of Notice to be sent to members of the settlement classes, which was published and mailed beginning November 15, 2005. On February 24, 2006, the Court dismissed litigation filed against certain underwriters in connection with the claims to be assigned to the plaintiffs under the settlement. The Court held a Final Settlement Fairness Hearing on the settlement on April 24, 2006. The final ruling is expected mid-2006. The Company does not expect the settlement to have a material impact on its operations or cash flow. In addition, the settlement is still subject to statutory notice requirements as well as final judicial approval.The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about November 4, 1999, Wireless Facilities commenced an initial public offering of 4,000,000 of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $15 per share (the ``Wireless Facilities IPO''). In connection therewith, Wireless Facilities filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the ``Prospectus''), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Credit Suisse had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Credit Suisse allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Wireless Facilities shares issued in connection with the Wireless Facilities IPO; and (ii) Credit Suisse had entered into agreements with customers whereby Credit Suisse agreed to allocate Wireless Facilities shares to those customers in the Wireless Facilities IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Wireless Facilities shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. 
   				



           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2004, two shareholders filed lawsuits, purporting to be class actions, against the Company and its Chief Executive Officer in the United States District Court, for the Southern District of Ohio, Western Division, were consolidated as Case No. 1:01-CV-265. The court dismissed the suit and the appeal period has run without an appeal having been filed. Furthermore, the Company has been notified by the staff of the SEC that its inquiry relating to the restatement has been terminated and no enforcement action has been recommended to the SEC against the Company.The original complaint charges Kroger and one of its officers and directors with issuing false and misleading statements concerning its business and financial condition. Specifically, the complaint alleges that on March 5, 2001, Kroger announced that it would have to restate earnings back to its fiscal 1998 year as a result of improper accounting practices at its ``Ralphs'' subsidiary. Plaintiff further alleges that Defendants had knowledge of the improper accounting practices since September 2000. The complaint alleges that Defendants' misstatements artificially inflated the market price of Kroger common stock purchased by the Class.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2006, on February 15, 2005, Judge Scheindlin issued an Opinion and Order granting preliminary approval to the settlement agreement.  The process of communicating formal notice of the proposed settlement to the plaintiff classes has been completed.    The court held a fairness hearing on the proposed settlement on April 24, 2006, and has not yet ruled on the motion for final approval.  There can be no assurance such approval will be granted.As summarized by the same SEC filing, Aether is among the hundreds of defendants named in nine class action lawsuits seeking damages due to alleged violations of securities law.  The case is being heard in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.  The court has consolidated the actions by all of the named defendants that actually issued the securities in question.  There are approximately 310 consolidated cases before Judge Scheindlin, including the Aether Systems action, under the caption In Re Initial Public Offerings Litigation, Master File 21 MC 92 (SAS).Initial motions to dismiss the case were filed and the court held oral argument on the motions to dismiss on November 1, 2002.  On February 19, 2003, the court issued an Opinion and Order on defendants’ motions to dismiss, which granted the motions in part and denied the motions in part.  As to Aether Systems, the motion to dismiss the claims against it was denied in its entirety.  Discovery has now commenced.  The plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed without prejudice the officer and director defendants of Aether.  On June 26, 2003, the Plaintiff’s Executive Committee in this case announced a proposed settlement with the issuers.  The proposed settlement is a settlement among the plaintiffs, the issuer-defendants, including Aether, and the officer and director defendants of the issuers.  The plaintiffs will continue litigating their claims against the underwriter-defendants.  Under terms of the proposed settlement, Aether would not incur any material financial or other liability.  On June 14, 2004, the plaintiffs and issuer defendants presented the executed settlement agreement to Judge Scheindlin during a court conference.  Subsequently, plaintiffs and issuers made a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement agreement.  On July 14, 2004, the underwriter defendants filed a memorandum of law in opposition to plaintiffs’ motion for preliminary approval of the settlement agreement.  Reply briefs in support of the settlement were submitted to the court.  In December 2004, the court ordered additional briefing on the motion.  All of the additional briefs were submitted to the court.  The complaint charges defendants with violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It alleges that the October 21, 1999 and September 27, 2000 Prospectuses of shares of Aether common stock contained material misrepresentations and/or omissions. The complaint also alleges that defendants were responsible for the materially false and misleading statements and that the underwriters of Aether's Offerings engaged in a pattern of conduct to surreptitiously extract inflated commissions greater than those disclosed in the Offerings materials. 
   				

           			According to Novell, Inc.'s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended January 31, 2006, SilverStream, which Novell acquired in July 2002, and several of its former officers and directors, as well as the underwriters who handled SilverStream’s two public offerings, were named as defendants in several class action complaints that were filed on behalf of certain former stockholders of SilverStream who purchased shares of SilverStream common stock between August 16, 1999 and December 6, 2000. These complaints are closely related to several hundred other complaints that the same plaintiffs have brought against other issuers and underwriters. These complaints all allege violations of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). In particular, they allege, among other things, that there was undisclosed compensation received by the underwriters of the public offerings of all of the issuers, including SilverStream. A Consolidated Amended Complaint with respect to all of these companies was filed in the U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, on April 19, 2002. The plaintiffs are seeking monetary damages, statutory compensation and other relief that may be deemed appropriate by the Court. While we believe that SilverStream and its former officers and directors have meritorious defenses to the claims, a tentative settlement has been reached between many of the defendants and the plaintiffs, which contemplates a settlement of the claims, including the ones against SilverStream and its former directors and officers. The settlement agreement, however, has not been finally approved by the Court. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 11, 12 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5. The complaint alleges that Silverstream Software, Inc., et al., violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling Silverstream Software common stock pursuant to the IPO and secondary offering without disclosing to investors that at least two of the lead underwriters in the IPO and secondary offering had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. The complaint further alleges lead underwriters Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., Inc. and FleetBoston Robertson Stephens, Inc. allocated Silverstream shares to customers at the IPO price of $16.00 per share. The complaint further alleges that this artificial price inflation enabled both the lead underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying Silverstream stock at the $16.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices. The complaint further alleges that Silverstream was able to price the secondary offering of Silverstream stock at an artificially high $114.00 per share due to the continued effects of the foregoing violations, and required their customers to ``kick back'' some of their profits in the form of secret commissions. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectuses distributed to investors and the Registration Statements filed with the SEC contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO and secondary offering and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme.
   				





           			On May 11, 2004, the Court entered the Order by U.S. District Judge Thomas S.Zilly approving the plan of allocation of the settlement proceeds.  The Court further entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice.According to the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Settlement, the parties reached an agreement-in-principle to settle the action. The proposed settlement creates a fund in the amount of $34,300,000 in cash (the "Settlement Fund") and will include interest that accrues on the fund prior to distribution. Depending on the number of eligible shares purchased by Settlement Class Members who elect to participate in the Settlement and when those shares were purchased and sold, the estimated average recovery per share will be approximately $0.19 before deduction of Court-approved fees and expenses.If the Settlement is approved by the Court, Plaintiffs' Settlement Counsel will apply to the Court for attorneys' fees of 25% of the Settlement Fund after deduction of court awarded expenses, or approximately $8.45 million in cash, and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses not to exceed $500,000 to be paid from the Settlement Fund. If the amount requested is approved by the Court, the average cost per share will be less than $0.05.The original complaint charges InfoSpace and its founder and Chairman, Naveen Jain, with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that between January 2000 and January 2001, Defendants disseminated false and misleading information concerning InfoSpace's actual FY 1999 and 2000 financial performance and Defendants' expectations concerning InfoSpace's FY 2001 revenue and earnings. In fact, neither InfoSpace's reported FY 1999 and FY 2000 results nor its projected FY 2001 performance were accurate. Defendants' public representations were the result of Defendants' efforts to manipulate InfoSpace's reported earnings and expected FY 2001 performance and were designed to (and did) allow: (i) Jain to sell millions of dollars of his own InfoSpace shares at artificially inflated prices; and (ii) allow Defendants to complete a series of acquisitions using shares of InfoSpace's artificially inflated stock as currency, including the October 2000 acquisition of Go2Net. On January 30, 2001, after Defendants had completed several acquisitions using inflated InfoSpace shares as currency, Defendants disclosed that, contrary to the representations made by them during 2000 that InfoSpace was experiencing strong revenue growth during 4Q99, and FY 2000 and that InfoSpace would continue to post strong revenue growth through FY 2001, InfoSpace would report no revenue growth or EPS for FY 2001, but rather would report declining revenue and a significant loss for the year. As Defendants began to reveal some of their improper conduct, including the fact that Defendants' projected revenues and earnings estimates were false, InfoSpace's shares fell to less than $6 per share, a 95% decline from their Class Period high of $138-1/2 per share.
   				

           			According to the docket, at the proceedings held on July 11, 2005, Judge B. Lynn Winmill granted motions to approve the settlement, the plan of distribution, and the appliciation for attorneys' fees and reimbursement of expenses.  The Court entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with prejudice on July 12.In a press release dated April 15, 2005, Raytheon Company announced that it has reached an agreement in principle to settle a class action securities lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the District of Idaho. The terms of the settlement, which are subject to approval by the court, include a cash payment of $39 million that the Company expects to make in the second quarter of 2005. Plaintiffs' attorney's fees are included within the settlement.The complaint alleges that during the Class Period, Raytheon deliberately misrepresented the true financial condition of its Raytheon Engineers & Constructors ("RE&C") division in order to sell this division to Washington Group at an artificially inflated price. On April 17, 2000, the beginning of the Class Period, Raytheon and Washington Group each issued press releases disclosing Raytheon's sale of RE&C to Washington Group for a modest cash price and Washington Group's assumption of RE&C's liabilities of approximately $500 million. The sales agreement, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the same day, detailed the transaction, including Raytheon's promise to reimburse Washington Group for cost overruns from certain projects. Throughout the Class Period, defendants issued misleading financial statements for RE&C that failed to disclose massive cost overruns of approximately $700 million that were known to exist at the time of the sale transaction, but were not disclosed to investors. On March 2, 2001, the Class Period closes with Washington Group's shocking announcement that Raytheon was refusing to honor its previously disclosed contractual commitments to reimburse Washington Group for these massive cost overruns. Further, Washington Group announced that Raytheon's refusal to reimburse Washington Group for these massive cost overruns placed the Company in a severe "near-term liquidity problems" -- including being in default of its senior credit facilities -- that could result in the bankruptcy of the Washington Group. Following this announcement, the price of Washington Group stock plummeted 80% from $8.00 per share to $1.65 per share, causing a market capitalization loss of more than $400 million to stockholders, and more than  $200 million to bondholders. Ultimately, these cash shortages forced Washington Group to seek protection under the bankruptcy laws on March 14, 2001. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 29, 2003, on June 16, 2003, the Company announced that the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit affirmed the decision of the United States District Court for the District of Maryland to dismiss with prejudice the securities class action litigation filed in June 2001 against the Company and two of its executive officers.  The litigation alleged that certain statements and information contained in the Company’s press releases and in the periodic reports filed by it with the Securities and Exchange Commission contained materially false and misleading information in violation of the federal securities laws.  Both the District Court and the Court of Appeals rejected this contention.As previously reported by the Company’ FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. In response, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint which mooted the Company's motion to dismiss. The Company then filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint, which the plaintiff opposed. In orders dated April 26, 2002, the District Court granted the motion to dismiss in its entirety and entered judgment in favor of the Company and the executive officers. On or about May 24, 2002, the plaintiff filed a notice of appeal. The appeal is currently pending in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. The parties have completed their briefing and oral arguments are expected to be heard in May 2003.The original class action law suit was filed against Duratek, Inc. The complaint accuses Duratek and two of its top officers with inflating the Company’s stock price by issuing false and misleading financial statements for 1999 and the first three quarters of 2000. On March 14, 2001, Duratek admitted that additional burial and transportation costs would adversely affect the Company’s fourth quarter and fiscal year 2000 financial results as well as the financial results for the first quarter of 2001. Moreover, the Company announced that a review of Duratek’s commercial waste processing operations had indicated “potentially negative variances in certain waste processing accounts.” On April 18, 2001, the Company further announced that it was restating its previously reported consolidated financial results for 1999 and the first three quarters of 2000 to reflect a reconciliation that had not been previously been performed.
   				

           			A press release dated September 25, 2008 stated that the Fifth District Appellate Court has dismissed an appeal by Tyson Foods for summary judgment in a Madison County class action suit filed over allegations that the company putting too much water in prepackaged chicken.  The report recounts that Tyson had filed a motion for summary judgment on the basis that federal law preempts the plaintiffs' claims.  However, that request was denied by Madison County Circuit Judge Ralph Mendelsohn.  Tyson then appealed Judge Mendelsohn's ruling.  In an opinion released on Sept. 19 2008, Justice Stephen Spomer wrote that Tyson's appeal lacks appellate jurisdiction.  According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2005, oral arguments on the appeal were heard by the Court of Appeals September 13, 2005 and on November 9, 2005, the Court of Appeals affirmed the decision of the District Court. On November 23, 2005, plaintiffs filed a petition for rehearing with the Court of Appeals. The Court of Appeals denied the petition on December 21, 2005.As summarized by the same SEC filing, between June 22 and July 20, 2001, various plaintiffs commenced actions in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. The various actions were subsequently consolidated under the caption In re Tyson Foods, Inc. Securities Litigation and, on December 4, 2001, the plaintiffs in the consolidated action filed a Consolidated Class Action Complaint. On January 22, 2002, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint. By memorandum order dated October 23, 2002, the District Court granted in part and denied in part the defendants' motion to dismiss. On October 6, 2003, the District Court certified a class consisting of those who purchased IBP securities on or before March 29, 2001, and subsequently sold such securities from March 30 through June 15, 2001, inclusive, and sustained damages as a result of such transaction. Following the conclusion of discovery in the case, plaintiffs and defendants each filed motions for summary judgment. On June 17, 2004, the District Court rendered an opinion in favor of defendants and against plaintiffs on all of plaintiffs’ claims, and entered an order to that effect. On June 28, 2004, defendants filed a motion requesting the District Court to modify its order to include judgment in defendants’ favor against the class and on July 30, 2004, the District Court entered such an order. On August 6, 2004, plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal. Plaintiffs filed their brief on the appeal on December 8, 2004. Defendants filed their response on January 24, 2005. Plaintiffs filed their reply brief on February 24, 2005. The original complaint charges Tyson Foods, Inc. (``Tyson'' or the ``Company''), the Company's founder and controlling stockholder, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and the Company's Executive Vice President and General Counsel with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint alleges that on March 29, 2001, Tyson announced it would terminate a proposed merger between Tyson and IBP (the ``Merger'') because Tyson purportedly relied upon misleading information furnished by IBP concerning an SEC comment letter and the financial results at an IBP subsidiary in determining to enter into the Merger Agreement. It was not until June 15, 2001, when, in an action brought by IBP shareholders, In re IBP, Inc. Shareholders Litigation, Consolidated Civil Action No. 18373 (Del. Ch., June 15, 2001), the Court concluded that Tyson's decision to withdraw from the Merger had nothing to do with the SEC comment letter or the problems at IBP's subsidiary.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2004, on July 15, 2002, the issuer defendants and individual defendants filed an omnibus motion to dismiss addressing issues generally applicable to the defendants as a group. On October 9, 2002, the district court entered an order dismissing all of the living individual Commerce One officers and directors from the case without prejudice. On February 16, 2003, the district court entered an order denying most of the defenses asserted by the defendants in the omnibus motion to dismiss and allowing most of the case to proceed. A stipulation of settlement has been submitted to the Court for preliminary approval. Under the settlement if approved, the plaintiffs would dismiss the issuer defendants from the lawsuit (including Commerce One and named individual defendants) and continue to pursue their case against the underwriter defendants. In exchange for this dismissal, the D&O insurance carriers would agree to guarantee a recovery by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants of at least $1.0 billion. The Company's Board of Directors has approved Commerce One's participation in the settlement. The settlement remains subject to a number of conditions, including approval of the proposed settling parties and the court.As summarized by the same SEC filing, various plaintiffs have filed similar actions asserting virtually identical allegations against more than 200 other companies. The lawsuits against Commerce One and other companies have been coordinated for pretrial purposes with these other related lawsuits and have been assigned the collective caption In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation. On April 19, 2002, plaintiffs' lawyers for the coordinated lawsuits filed an amended complaint consisting of a set of "Master Allegations" and individual amended complaints against the various defendants, including Commerce One and the Individual Defendants. The amended complaint alleges violations of Section 11 and Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act (and Rule 10b-5, promulgated thereunder) as a result of alleged conduct of the underwriters of the IPO to engage in a scheme to under price the IPO and then artificially inflate our stock price in the aftermarket. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about July 1, 1999, Commerce One commenced an initial public offering of 3,300,000 of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $21.00 per share (the ``Commerce One IPO''). In connection therewith, Commerce One filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the ``Prospectus''), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Credit Suisse and Robertson Stephens had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Credit Suisse and Robertson Stephens allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Commerce One shares issued in connection with the Commerce One IPO; and (ii) Credit Suisse and Robertson Stephens had entered into agreements with customers whereby Credit Suisse and Robertson Stephens agreed to allocate Commerce One shares to those customers in the Commerce One IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Commerce One shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. 
   				

           			According to Avenue A, Inc.’s (now aQuantive) Form 10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, in June 2003, a proposed settlement of the litigation was structured between the plaintiffs, the issuer defendants in the coordinated actions, the issuer officers and directors named as defendants, and the issuers’ insurance companies. Avenue A and Razorfish conditionally approved the proposed partial settlement in the Avenue A action and Razorfish action, respectively. The stipulation of settlement for the release of claims against the issuer defendants, including Avenue A and Razorfish, was submitted to the court in June 2004. On February 15, 2005, the court preliminarily approved the settlements in the coordinated actions contingent on specified modifications. On August 31, 2005, the court issued a preliminary order further approving the modifications to the settlement and certifying the settlement classes. A settlement fairness hearing has been set for April 24, 2006. Following the hearing, if the court determines that the settlement is fair to the class members, the settlement will be approved. There can be no assurance that this proposed settlement would be approved and implemented in its current form, or at all.As disclosed by the same SEC filing, in June 2001, substantially similar actions have been filed concerning the initial public offerings for more than 300 different issuers, and these cases have been coordinated as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21MC92. The consolidated amended complaints in the Avenue A and Razorfish actions seek unspecified damages on behalf of purported classes of purchasers of Avenue A’s and Razorfish’s common stock. In the Avenue A action, the alleged class period is February 28, 2000 to December 6, 2000. In the Razorfish action, the alleged class period is April 26, 1999 to December 6, 2000. Claims against the named directors and officers of Avenue A and against certain of the named directors and officers of Razorfish have been dismissed without prejudice pursuant to a stipulation. On July 15, 2002, Avenue A, Razorfish, and the other issuer defendants filed a motion to dismiss the litigation. Certain of Razorfish’s directors and officers joined in the motion. On February 19, 2003, the court issued an order denying Razorfish’s motion to dismiss but granting the motion to dismiss of Razorfish’s directors and officers; and granting Avenue A’s motion to dismiss the claims against it under Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and denying Avenue A’s motion to dismiss the claims against it under Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933.The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about February 28, 2000, Avenue A commenced an initial public offering of 5,250,000 shares of common stock (excluding the over-allotment option of 787,500 shares) at an offering price of $24.00 per share. In connection therewith, Avenue A filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus, with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Morgan Stanley had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Morgan Stanley allocated to those investors material portions of Avenue A shares issued in connection with the Avenue A IPO; and (ii) Morgan Stanley had entered into agreements with customers whereby Morgan Stanley agreed to allocate Avenue A shares to those customers in the Avenue A IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Avenue A shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. By virtue of this manipulation, Morgan Stanley was able to inflate the trading price of Avenue A's shares after the initial offering to a high of $89 per share on February 29, 2000. At its $72.00 closing price on February 29, 2000, Avenue A had a market capitalization approaching $4 billion - despite its history of millions of dollars of operating losses. Thereafter, the demand for the shares, which had been artificially created by Morgan Stanley, virtually disappeared, with Avenue A shares declining steadily to $6.875 per share on July 11, 2000. On June 12, 2001, Avenue A common stock closed at $1.55 per share.NOTE: Avenue A, Inc. and Razorfish, Inc. are now known as Avenue A/Razorfish, the digital advertising agency of aQuantive Inc. Avenue A/Razorfish provides the full range of services, from strategic planning, Web design, media buying, and campaign analysis to ad serving, search engine marketing, e-mail marketing, and creative services. It targets customers residing in the financial services, pharmaceutical, retail, technology, and travel sectors.
   				



           			According to the docket, on March 8, 2006, the Court entered the Order signed by U.S. District Judge James J. Brady dismissing the action without prejudice to the right to reopen the action if a settlement is not consummated.  On July 5, 2006, the plaintiffs filed a joint motion to dismiss the claims with prejudice.  According to the motion, to avoid, among other things, the costs, risks and uncertainties of litigation, Plaintiffs and Defendants have agreed to a settlement, which they believe to be appropriate and fair.  In accordance with the settlement, Plaintiffs and Defendants jointly move to dismiss with prejudice the Plaintiffs' individual claims on the grounds that this matter has been fully and finally compromised. In addition, the Parties jointly move to dismiss this suit without prejudice.  On July 6, 2006, the Court entered the Order granting the joint motion to dismiss.According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, on June 28, 2006, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the class representatives in two class action lawsuits filed on behalf of all purchasers of the Company’s common stock between November 15, 2000, and June 13, 2001, against the Company and three of its executive officers in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana. On July 5, 2006, the United States District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana issued an order dismissing the consolidated lawsuits. The entire settlement amount of $0.3 million, inclusive of all expenses and attorneys’ fees, was covered by insurance.As summarized by the Company’s FORM 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2005, on August 23 and October 4, 2001, two class action lawsuits were filed, which have since been consolidated, on behalf of all purchasers of the Company’s common stock between November 15, 2000 and June 13, 2001, against the Company and three of its executive officers, in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana. In May of 2003, the trial court certified the class, and the Company appealed that decision. On February 17, 2005, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit vacated the trial court’s certification order and remanded the case for further proceedings relative to class certification. The parties have agreed to a stay of all depositions and other discovery (subject to certain limited exceptions) pending a ruling on class certification. The suits seek damages based on the decline in the Company’s stock price following an announced restatement of earnings for the fourth quarter of 2000 and first quarter of 2001, alleging that the Company’s management knew or were reckless in not knowing the facts giving rise to the restatement. The original complaint charges Amedisys and certain individual defendants with violations of the federal securities laws. Specifically, during the Class Period, the defendants issued to the investing public materially false and misleading financial information concerning the Company' s publicly reported revenues and earnings. Amedisys touted positive financial results and profitable net service revenue in connection with its home health nursing services. All along, however, Amedisys improperly recognized net services revenue in the fourth quarter of 2000 and the first quarter of 2001 in violation of GAAP. The complaint further alleges that on or around June 13, 2001, Amedisys issued a press release announcing that its previously announced financial results for the fourth quarter of 2000 and the first quarter of 2001 were incorrect. Specifically, the Company announced that discrepancies in the Medicare Prospective Payment System resulted in a negative adjustment to net services revenue of between $4 and $7 million. As a result of this revelation, the Company's stock price plummeted almost 60 percent to close at $4.10 per share on June 13, 2001, far from its closing price of $9.92 per share on June 12, 2001.
   				

           			According to Blue Coat System’s (formerly CacheFlow Inc.) FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended January 31, 2006, cases have been consolidated under the case captioned In re CacheFlow, Inc. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, Civil Action No. 1-01-CV-5143. This is one of a number of actions coordinated for pretrial purposes as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92 with the first action filed on January 12, 2001. Plaintiffs in the coordinated proceeding are bringing claims under the federal securities laws against numerous underwriters, companies, and individuals, alleging generally that defendant underwriters engaged in improper and undisclosed activities concerning the allocation of shares in the IPO’Ss of more than 300 companies during late 1998 through 2000. The consolidated amended complaint in the Company’s case seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of its common stock between December 9, 1999 and December 6, 2000. Pursuant to a tolling agreement, the individual defendants were dismissed without prejudice. On February 19, 2003, the court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the claims against it. The litigation is now in discovery. In June 2004, a stipulation of settlement and release of claims against the issuer defendants, including the Company, was submitted to the court for approval. The terms of the settlement if approved, would dismiss and release all claims against the participating defendants (including the Company). In exchange for this dismissal, D&O insurance carriers would agree to guarantee a recovery by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants of at least $1 billion, and the issuer defendants would agree to an assignment or surrender to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters. On August 31, 2005, the court confirmed preliminary approval of the settlement. The proposed settlement remains subject to a number of conditions, including final approval of the court.The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about November 18, 1999 CacheFlow commenced an initial public offering of 5,000,000 of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $24.00 per share (the  "CacheFlow IPO"). In connection therewith, CacheFlow filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the "Prospectus"), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) the Underwriter Defendants (Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, Robertson Stephens and Salomon) had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which the Underwriter Defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of CacheFlow shares issued in connection with the CacheFlow IPO; and (ii) the Underwriter Defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants agreed to allocate CacheFlow shares to those customers in the CacheFlow Search IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional CacheFlow shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. 




           			According the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, in July 2002, plaintiffs moved for class certification and initiated discussion of a proposed settlement. Plaintiffs and defendants entered into an agreement in October 2002 to settle all claims that might have been brought in this action for approximately $5.5 million, all of which monies have been fully funded by defendants’ director and officer liability insurance. In March 2003, after proper class notice and hearings, the Court approved the settlement and entered judgment for defendants, dismissing the action. In April 2003, a plaintiff’s law firm that was not selected by the Court to serve as class counsel filed a notice of appeal relating to certain Court orders addressing that firm’s applications to the Court for attorney’s fees. In August 2003, on appellant’s own motion, the Court of Appeals dismissed the appeal.A class action complaint was filed against Transmeta Corporation. The complaint charges Transmeta Corporation and its top officers and directors with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Sections 11, 12(a)(2), and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933. The complaint alleges that defendants issued false and misleading statements about Transmeta’s business and its principal line of microprocessors, the Crusoe. The complaint further alleges these false statements caused the Company’s stock price to be artificially elevated, allowing the defendants to reap over $14 million in insider profits within the two months prior to the Company revealing the truth about Transmeta’s worsening financial position. The Complaint alleges that as a result of the defendants’ conduct, plaintiffs and other members of the Class suffered damages.
   				





           			According to the docket posted, on August 20, 2002, and August 30, 2002, a Stipulation of Partial Settlement and Stipulation of Settlement were filed, respectively.  On January 13, 2001, the Court entered the Minute Order by U.S. District Judge Philip G. Reinhard.  Ernst & Young LLP's motion for entry of judgment was granted, the Plaintiff's motion for final approval of class action settlement and award of attorney fees and expenses was granted, and the Court entered final judgment and order approving settlement and dismissal with prejudice. The case was terminated.The original Complaint charges former officers and directors of ATS with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Plaintiff claims that these defendants' issued a series of materially false and misleading press releases and filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") from March 30, 1998 through November 15, 1999. These press releases and filings allegedly failed to disclose the true nature of ATS's revenues and earnings, causing ATS's stock price to become artificially inflated and inflicting damages on investors. In January through April 2000, the Company issued a series of press releases that plaintiff claims revealed the Company's true financial status, including an announcement on January 11, 2000 that certain accounts may have been misstated in the Company's 1999 quarterly reports and 1998 annual report. On April 7, 2000 -- the end of the class period -- Nasdaq halted trading in the Company's shares. The Complaint also charges the accounting firm of Ernst & Young LLP with violating Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by signing false and misleading audit reports on the financial statements contained in the Company's annual reports filed with the SEC for fiscal years 1997 and 1998. ATS filed its 1997 Form 10-K on March 31, 1998 and its 1998 Form 10-K on April 15, 1999. On April 11, 2000, the Company issued a press release announcing that Ernst & Young had advised it that as a result of previously reported accounting irregularities, investors should no longer rely on ATS's financial statements or the reports thereon for the years ended December 31, 1997 and 1998, and the interim financial statements for the first three quarters of 1999. ATS dismissed Ernst & Young as its independent accountants on November 13, 2000.NOTE: Asche Transportation Services filed for bankruptcy under Chapter 7 on December 22, 2000 and accordingly, it is not named as a defendant herein.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 2, 2006, the Company has approved a settlement agreement and related agreements, which set forth the terms of a settlement between drugstore.com, the plaintiff class and the vast majority of the other issuer defendants or, in the case of bankrupt issuers, their directors and officers. Among other provisions, the settlement agreement provides for a release of drugstore.com and the Individual Defendants for the conduct alleged in the action to be wrongful. The Company would agree to undertake certain responsibilities, including agreeing to assign away, not assert, or release certain potential claims the Company may have against its underwriters. The settlement agreement also provides a guaranteed recovery of $1 billion to the plaintiffs for the cases relating to all of the approximately 300 issuers. To the extent that the underwriter defendants settle all of the cases for at least $1 billion, no payment will be required under the issuers’ settlement agreement. To the extent that the underwriter defendants settle for less than $1 billion, the issuers are required to make up the difference. On February 15, 2005, the Court granted preliminary approval of the settlement agreement, subject to certain modifications consistent with its opinion. These modifications have been made. There is no assurance that the Court will grant final approval to the settlement. As summarized by the same SEC filing, on and after July 6, 2001, eight stockholder class action lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York naming drugstore.com as a defendant, along with the underwriters and certain of our present and former officers and directors (the Individual Defendants), in its with our July 27, 1999 initial public offering and March 15, 2000 secondary offering (together, the Offerings). The complaints against drugstore.com have been consolidated into a single action and a Consolidated Amended Complaint, which is now the operative complaint, was filed on April 19, 2002. The action is being coordinated with approximately 300 other nearly identical actions filed against other companies or their former officers and directors. On July 15, 2002, the Company moved to dismiss all claims against it and the Individual Defendants. On October 9, 2002, the Court dismissed the Individual Defendants from the case without prejudice based on stipulations of dismissal filed by the plaintiffs and the Individual Defendants. On February 19, 2003, the Court denied the motion to dismiss the complaint against drugstore.com. On October 13, 2004, the Court certified a class in nine of the approximately 300 other nearly identical actions and noted that the decision is intended to provide strong guidance to all parties regarding class certification in the remaining cases. Plaintiffs have not yet moved to certify a class in our case.The complaint alleges that defendants Drugstore.com, Inc. and certain individuals violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling Drugstore.com common stock pursuant to the July 28, 1999 IPO without disclosing to investors that some of the underwriters in the offering, including the lead underwriters, had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. The complaint alleges that, in exchange for the excessive commissions, members of the underwriting group Morgan Stanley & Co., Incorporated, Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC allocated Drugstore.com shares to customers at the IPO price of $18.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $18.00, the underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of Drugstore.com stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive Drugstore.com's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $18.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $50 during its first day of trading and subsequently reached a peak price of $67.50 on August 27, 1999. Rather than allowing their customers to keep their profits from the IPO, the complaint alleges, the underwriters required their customers to ``kick back'' some of their profits in the form of secret commissions. These secret commission payments were sometimes calculated after the fact based on how much profit each investor had made from his or her IPO stock allocation. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the Drugstore.com offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO transaction and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme discussed above. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended March 3, 2006, an amended consolidated complaint was filed in April 2002. The claims against the individual defendants have been dismissed without prejudice pursuant to an agreement with plaintiffs. The Court denied Palm’s motion to dismiss. Special committees of both Palm’s and Handspring’s respective Boards of Directors approved a tentative settlement proposal from plaintiffs, which includes a guaranteed recovery to be paid to plaintiffs by the issuer defendants’ insurance carriers and an assignment to plaintiffs of certain claims the issuers, including Palm and Handspring, may have against the underwriters. There is no guarantee that the settlement will become final, however, as it is subject to a number of conditions, including final Court approval. Should the settlement become final, it will not be material to Palm’s financial position.The original class action lawsuit was filed against Palm Inc. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about March 1, 2000 Palm commenced an initial public offering of 23,000,000 of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $38.00 per share (the ``Palm IPO''). In connection therewith, Palm filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the ``Prospectus''), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) the Underwriter Defendants (Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch, Robertson Stephens and Salomon Smith Barney) had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which the Underwriter Defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Palm shares issued in connection with the Palm IPO; and (ii) the Underwriter Defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants agreed to allocate Palm shares to those customers in the Palm IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Palm shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Notice of Pendency and Settlement, the parties reached an agreement-in-principle to settle the action. The settlement creates a fund in the principal amount of $50,000,000.00 in cash (the "Settlement Fund") which is earning interest. Based on an estimate of the number of shares entitled to participate in the settlement and the anticipated number of claims to be submitted by Class Member(s), the average distribution from the Settlement Fund would be approximately $0.13 per share before deduction of Court-approved fees and expenses.If the settlement is approved by the Court, Plaintiffs' Co-Lead Counsel will apply to the Court (1) for attorneys' fees not to exceed 17.5% of the settlement proceeds, and reimbursement of expenses incurred not to exceed $375,000, and (2) compensation of up to $10,000 for each of the Lead Plaintiffs to reimburse them for their time and expenses incurred in prosecuting the Action, all to be paid from the Settlement Fund. If the amounts requested by Plaintiffs' Co-Lead Counsel are approved by the Court, the average cost would be approximately $0.02 per share. The average cost per share could vary depending on the number of shares for which valid claims are submitted.The original complaint charges Sprint and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This action was against Sprint and its present and former executives, including William T. Esrey, Sprint's Chairman and CEO, as well as WorldCom, Inc. (``WorldCom'') and Bernard J. Ebbers, WorldCom's Chairman and CEO. Sprint is in the telecommunications business, offering hardline and wireless long-distance service, is the third largest long-distance carrier in the U.S. and has revenues of $17+ billion per year. The complaint alleged that during the Class Period, defendants made false and misleading statements concerning Sprint and WorldCom, their business and finances and Sprint's merger with WorldCom to secure approval of the merger to extract hundreds of millions of dollars of benefits in connection with the aborted merger of Sprint and WorldCom. Defendants were able to extract these monies via: (1) secretly modifying the ``change of control'' definition in Sprint's executive compensation plan, allowing hundreds of millions of dollars of unvested stock options to accelerate and vest simply on a shareholder vote to approve the merger with WorldCom, rather than the actual completion of the aborted merger with WorldCom; and (2) the systematic failure to disclose to Sprint's public shareholders information possessed by the Sprint Defendants that the proposed merger was almost certain to never occur due to concerted opposition from government officials.
   				





           			According to the docket, on September 6, 2001, the Court entered the Order by U.S. District Judge Benson E. Legg certifying the action as a class action for persons/purchasers of Common Stock of IC Isaacs.  On November 20, 2001, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment approving the Settlement Agreement as fair, reasonable, and adequate and dismissing the Complaint with Prejudice and without costs except as provided in the Stipulation.  Further, the Plan of Allocation was approved as fair and reasonable, and Plaintiffs' counsel were awarded the sum of $275,000 as and for their attorneys' fees and in reimbursement of expenses.  The case is closed.  According to the Notice of Settlement posted, the Settlement Fund established was in the amount of $625, 000. As reported in the Company's Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2001, on June 19, 2001, the Company reached a tentative agreement to settle the consolidated class action lawsuit.The original complaint alleges that Isaacs and certain officers and directors of Isaacs during the Class Period violated Sections 11, 12(a)(2), and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 by issuing materially false and misleading statements in connection with Isaacs' initial public offering on December 17, 1997 regarding the products, business operations and prospects of Isaacs.Specifically, the complaint alleges that the registration statement and prospectus issued in connection with the Company's initial public offering, completed in December 1997, contained materially false and misleadingstatements concerning the Company's products, business operations and prospects and that the Company issued a series of materially false and misleading statements, which artificially inflated the price of the Company's common stock during the class period. Specifically, it alleges violations of Sections 11,12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder by the Company and certain of its current and former officers and directors. The plaintiffs seek recession, damages, costs expenses, including attorneys' fees and experts' fees, and such other relief as may be just and proper. The Company believes that the allegations set forth in the complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously contest the allegations contained therein.
   				

           			According to the docket, on June 21, 2002, the Court entered the Order administratively closing the case as the parties reached a settlement agreement in principle.  On October 31, 2002, two Stipulations and Agreements of Settlement were filed by the Individual Defendants and by KPMG LLP for $14 million and $1.95 million, respectively. On January 13, 2003, a settlement conference was held.  The settlements were approved and Judgments were entered on January 15, 2003, with respect to the Individual Defendants and KPMG.On June 27, 2000, Court entered the Order by U.S. District Judge Thomas M. Shanahan transferring the case to the District of Delaware for referral to the U.S. Bankruptcy Court where the defendant’s bankruptcy case is pending.  The case was terminated for statistical purposes.  InaCom is no longer namedas a defendant herein due to the automatic stay provisions of the federal bankruptcy code. On December 15, 2000, a Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint was filed. On February 28, 2002 and May 20, 2002, the Court entered the Order denying, with leave to renew upon failure of settlement, the Defendants’ motions to dismiss the Consolidated Amended Class Action ComplaintThe lawsuit charges Inacom and several of its top officers and directors with violations of the securities laws and regulations of the United States.  Specifically, the complaint alleges that the Company issued materially false and misleading statements regarding its ability to recognize growth and remain profitable in light of significant changes in manufacturers' distribution of computers, which defendants knew or recklessly disregarded.  On January 4, 2000, the Company announced that it was selling its products business.  Upon this announcement, the Company's stock price plunged approximately 25 % to $5.00 per share.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, on June 20, 2001, Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal with the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. Plaintiffs/Appellants served and filed their brief and appendix on August 15, 2001. The Company and its directors filed its response brief on September 14, 2001, and Plaintiffs/Appellants filed and served their reply brief on September 28, 2001. In addition, by letter dated October 26, 2001, Plaintiffs/Appellants advised the court of a recent Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals decision captioned In re Green Tree Financial Corporation Stock Litigation. The Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals held oral argument on March 13, 2002. On July 1, 2002, the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court's dismissal of Plaintiff's claim.As reported by the same SEC filing, on November 27, 2000, the Company and its directors served a motion and supporting papers to dismiss Plaintiffs' complaint with prejudice for failure to state a claim. Plaintiffs responded to the motion on January 11, 2001, and the Company served and filed its reply on February 1, 2001. A hearing on the motion to dismiss was held on February 13, 2001, before the Magistrate Judge. On April 23, 2001, the Magistrate Judge issued his Report and Recommendation that the case be dismissed with prejudice and on the merits. Plaintiffs objected to the Report and Recommendation, but, by Order dated May 29, 2001, the District Court overruled the objection and adopted the Report and Recommendation and dismissed Plaintiffs' claims with prejudice and on the merits.As summarized by the Company’s Form 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2000, on February 22, 2000, Navarre and the directors served a motion to dismiss the Chen and Poucher complaints for failure to state a claim for which relief can be granted. Thereafter, on February 25, 2000, the court held a hearing on Mr. Chen's and Ms. Poucher's motion to appoint Lead Plaintiffs and Lead Counsel and to consolidate and amend the complaints. The magistrate judge, by Order dated March 1, 2000, denied, without prejudice, the motion to appoint Lead Plaintiffs and Lead Counsel, granted the motion to consolidate the pleadings so that the litigation is now entitled "In re: Navarre Securities Corp. Litigation," denied, without prejudice, the motion to amend, and stayed Navarre and the directors' motion to dismiss pending resolution of the amendment issues, the Lead Plaintiffs issues, and the Lead Counsel issues. Plaintiffs re-filed their motion to appoint Lead Plaintiffs and Lead Counsel, and the court granted in part and denied in part the motion by Order dated April 18, 2000. Plaintiffs filed the amended complaint on September 21, 2000. The amended complaint alleges the same causes of action as set forth in the original complaint, and adds factual allegations regarding primarily the claimed impropriety of Navarre's revenue recognition practices under generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, the class period in the amended complaint is expanded to include purchasers of shares of Navarre Corporation during the time period of November 25, 1998, through July 26, 1999. The original lawsuit charges Navarre and certain officers of the Company, with violations of the securities laws and regulations of the United States. The lawsuit alleges that defendants issued a series of false and misleading statements during the Class Period concerning the spinning off of a majority - owned subsidiary of the Company. The complaint alleges that defendants' false and misleading statements artificially inflated the price of the Company's stock during the Class Period and that certain insiders took advantage of their inside knowledge of this inflation to sell significant amounts of their personal Company holdings for profits of over $6.3 million.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended  September 30, 2000,   on October 4, 2000, the Court issued a decision granting the defendants' motion in full, and dismissing the Actions with prejudice. A judgment to that effect was entered on October 9, 2000.As reported by the same SEC filing, on September 22, October 1, and October 12, 1999, complaints (the "Complaints") denominated as class actions (the "Actions") were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Court") against the Company, the Company's former Chairman and Chief Executive(incorrectly identified in the Complaints as the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of the Company). By order dated December 22, 1999, the Actions were consolidated for all purposes and lead plaintiffs and lead counsel were appointed. On February 28, 2000 plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended compliant. The amended complaint repeated the allegations made in the original complaints and added new allegations with respect to the timing of the reporting of certain losses experienced by Ogden, and added Ogden's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as a defendant. There has been no discovery in the Actions. On April 28, 2000 all defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Actions, with prejudice.The lawsuit charges Ogden and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the securities laws and regulations of the United States. The Complaint alleges that defendants issued a series of false and misleading statements concerning the Company's reorganization and its operations during the Class Period. The Complaint alleges that as a result of these materially false and misleading statements the price of Ogden stock was artificially inflated during the Class Period.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, in June 2003, the plaintiffs in the consolidated IPO class action lawsuits currently pending against the Company and over 300 other issuers who went public between 1998 and 2000, announced a proposed settlement with the Company and the other issuer defendants. The proposed settlement provides that the insurers of all settling issuers will guarantee that the plaintiffs recover $1 billion from non-settling defendants, including the investment banks that acted as underwriters in those offerings. In the event that the plaintiffs do not recover $1 billion, the insurers for the settling issuers will make up the difference. Under the proposed settlement, the maximum amount that could be charged to the Company’s insurance policy in the event that the plaintiffs recovered nothing from the investment banks would be approximately $3.9 million. The Company believes that it has sufficient insurance coverage to cover the maximum amount that the Company may be responsible for under the proposed settlement. The independent members of the Company’s board of directors approved the proposed settlement at a meeting held in June 2003. As of March 2005, outside counsel advised that the court has granted preliminary approval of the settlement, subject to certain conditions.The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about July 12, 1999 Chinadotcom commenced an initial public offering of 4,200,000 of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $20 per share (the ``Chinadotcom IPO''). In connection therewith, Chinadotcom filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the ``Prospectus''), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) the Underwriter Defendants (Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns, Robertson Stephens, and Merrill Lynch) had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which the Underwriter Defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Chinadotcom shares issued in connection with the Chinadotcom IPO; and (ii) the Underwriter Defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants agreed to allocate Chinadotcom shares to those customers in the Chinadotcom IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Chinadotcom shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. 
   				



           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2006, effective October 9, 2002, the claims against Digitas Inc.’s officers and directors were dismissed without prejudice. Effective February 19, 2003, the Section 10(b) claims against Digitas Inc. were dismissed. The terms of a settlement have been tentatively reached between the plaintiffs in the suits and most of the defendants, including Digitas Inc., with respect to the remaining claims. A court hearing on the fairness of the proposed settlement to the plaintiff class was held on April 24, 2006. To date the court has not issued its opinion on the proposed settlement. If the settlement is approved by the court, the settlement would resolve those claims against Digitas Inc. and is expected to result in no material liability to it. The complaint alleges that defendants Digitas, Inc. and certain individuals violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling Digitas common stock pursuant to the March 13, 2000 IPO without disclosing to investors that some of the underwriters in the offering, including the lead underwriters, had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. The complaint alleges that, in exchange for the excessive commissions, joint lead underwriters Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Salomon Smith Barney Inc., Banc of America Securities LLC and Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. allocated Digitas shares to customers at the IPO price of $24.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $24.00, the underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of Digitas stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive Digitas's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $24.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $40 on March 14, 2000, its first day of trading, to close that day at $29.50. Rather than allowing their customers to keep their profits from the IPO, the complaint alleges, the underwriters required their customers to ``kick back'' some of their profits in the form of secret commissions. These secret commission payments were sometimes calculated after the fact based on how much profit each investor had made from his or her IPO stock allocation. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the Digitas offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO transaction and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme discussed above. 
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated June 28, 2001, a class action lawsuit was filed against Agency.com Ltd. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about December 8, 1999, Agency.com commenced an initial public offering of 5,900,000 shares of common stock at an offering price of $26.00 per share. In connection therewith, Agency.com filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus, with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Goldman Sachs, Salomon Smith Barney, and Hambrecht & Quist had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which these underwriters allocated to those investors material portions of Agency.com shares issued in connection with the Agency.com IPO; and (ii) these underwriters had entered into agreements with customers whereby the underwriters agreed to allocate Agency.com shares to those customers in the Agency.com IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Agency.com shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. By virtue of this manipulation, Goldman Sachs, Salomon Smith Barney, and Hambrecht & Quist were able to inflate the trading price of Agency.com's shares after the initial offering to a high of $76.00 per share on December 8, 1999.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated June 28, 2001, a class action lawsuit was filed against eToys, Inc. The complaint alleges that eToys Inc., its President and Chief Executive Officer at the time of its IPO, and its CFO at the time of its IPO violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling eToys common stock pursuant to the initial public offering without disclosing to investors that three of the lead underwriters of the IPO had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. In exchange for the excessive commissions, the complaint alleges, lead underwriters The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., FleetBoston Robertson Stephens, Inc., and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. allocated eToys shares to customers at the IPO price of $20.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $20.00, the defendant lead underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of eToys stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive eToys's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the defendant lead underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying eToys stock at the $20.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $85.00 during its first day of trading. Rather than allowing their customers to keep their profits from the IPO, the complaint alleges, the defendant lead underwriters required their customers to ``kick back'' some of their profits in the form of secret commissions. These secret commission payments were sometimes calculated after the fact based on how much profit each investor had made from his or her IPO stock allocation. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the eToys offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme discussed above. 
   				

           			The original complaint alleges that defendants, Safeguard and its former Chairman, violated the federal securities laws during the class period. Specifically, the complaint alleges that defendants failed to disclose the fact that defendant, its former Chairman, had pledged substantially all of his Safeguard shares as collateral to secure margin trading in his personal brokerage accounts. When defendant's investments declined in value, he received margin calls from his brokers and was forced to liquidate his Safeguard stock, causing the price of Safeguard's shares to decline significantly. Plaintiff alleges that defendants' failure to disclose the pledge, coupled with their subsequent efforts to conceal the consequences of several margin calls, violated the federal securities laws.According to a press release dated April 12, 2006, Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. ("Safeguard"), Warren V. "Pete" Musser ("Musser") and 12 individuals who sued Safeguard and Musser or sought to intervene in the actions described below ("Plaintiffs") hereby announce a final settlement (the "Settlement") of all claims asserted, or which could have been asserted, by: (1) the named plaintiffs in In re Safeguard Scientifics Securities Litigation, Civil Action No. 01-3208 (E.D.Pa.); (2) the named plaintiffs in Mandell et al. v. Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. et al., Civil Action No. 04-3286 (E.D. Pa.); and (3) the individuals who unsuccessfully moved to intervene in the In re Safeguard Scientifics Securities Litigation case (collectively, the "Plaintiffs"). Among other things, the Plaintiffs had alleged that, during the period of December 1, 1999 through December 5, 2000, Safeguard failed to timely disclose certain information regarding allegedly manipulative margin trading by Safeguard's former chief executive officer, Musser, and a loan and guarantee extended by Safeguard to Musser. On August 23, 2003, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania  (the "Court") denied the Plaintiffs' motion for class certification in the In re Safeguard Scientifics Securities Litigation case. On November 23, 2004, the Court granted summary judgment in favor of Safeguard and Musser with respect to all claims asserted in that case and dismissed that action in its entirety. An appeal from the Court's rulings in that action has been stayed pending the completion of mediation proceedings under the auspices of the Mediation Program of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit which led to this Settlement. As a result of the Settlement, Plaintiffs, on their own personal behalf, will release and dismiss with prejudice claims and actions they may have against Safeguard and Musser, including the appeal. This is not a class action settlement. Therefore, the only Safeguard stock purchasers who are bound by it and will participate in the Settlement are the Plaintiffs. No other Safeguard stock purchaser will receive any payment as part of the Settlement. The Settlement does not bar any claim by any other shareholder. The terms of the Settlement have been approved by the Court. Once the In re Safeguard Scientifics Securities Litigation and Mandell cases are dismissed pursuant to the Settlement, there will be no case pending to prevent the running and expiration of the statute of limitations with respect to the claims in the actions being dismissed in the Settlement. These actions will be dismissed as of June 27, 2006.
   				



           			According to a Press Release dated 07/02/2001 a class action lawsuit commenced against Next Level Communications, Inc. The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectus was issued in connection with Next Level's initial public offering of 7.8 million shares of common stock at $20.00 per share that was completed on or about November 9, 1999. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Next Level shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and  undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Next Level shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.


           			According to the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, on April 19, 2002, a single consolidated amended complaint was filed, reiterating in one pleading the allegations contained in the previously filed separate actions. The consolidated amended complaint defines the alleged class period as October 28, 1999 through December 6, 2000. A Special Litigation Committee of Akamai’s Board of Directors authorized management to negotiate a settlement of the pending claims substantially consistent with a Memorandum of Understanding that was negotiated among class plaintiffs, all issuer defendants and their insurers. The parties negotiated a settlement that is subject to approval by the Court. On February 15, 2005, the Court issued an Opinion and Order preliminarily approving the settlement, provided that the defendants and plaintiffs agree to a modification narrowing the scope of the bar order set forth in the original settlement agreement. The parties agreed to a modification narrowing the scope of the bar order and, on August 31, 2005, the Court issued an order preliminarily approving the settlement. The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectus was issued in connection with Akamai's initial public offering of 9 million shares of common stock at $26.00 per share that was completed on or about October 28, 1999.  The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Akamai shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Akamai shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended April 29, 2006, the Company, the Individual Defendants, the plaintiff class and the vast majority of the other approximately three hundred issuer defendants and the individual defendants currently or formerly associated with those companies approved a settlement and related agreements (the “Settlement Agreement”) which set forth the terms of a settlement between these parties. Among other provisions, the Settlement Agreement provides for a release of the Company and the Individual Defendants for the conduct alleged in the action to be wrongful and for the Company to undertake certain responsibilities, including agreeing to assign away, not assert, or release, certain potential claims the Company may have against its underwriters. In addition, no payments will be required by the issuer defendants under the Settlement Agreement to the extent plaintiffs recover at least $1 billion from the Underwriter Defendants, who are not parties to the Settlement Agreement. To the extent that plaintiffs recover less than $1 billion from the underwriter defendants, the approximately three-hundred issuer defendants are required to make up the difference. On April 20, 2006, JPMorgan Chase and the plaintiffs reached a preliminary agreement for a settlement for $425 million. The JPMorgan Chase settlement has not yet been approved by the Court. However, if it is approved, the maximum amount that the issuers’ insurers will be potentially liable for is $575 million and Sycamore’s maximum financial obligation to the plaintiffs pursuant to the Settlement Agreement would be less than $2 million.  On February 15, 2005, the Court granted preliminary approval of the Settlement Agreement, subject to certain modifications consistent with its opinion. Those modifications have been made. On March 20, 2006, the Underwriter Defendants submitted objections to the settlement to the Court. The Court held a hearing regarding these and other objections to the settlement at a fairness hearing on April 24, 2006, but it has not yet issued a ruling. There is no assurance that the court will grant final approval to the settlement. As summarized by the same SEC filing, beginning on July 2, 2001, several purported class action complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company and several of its officers and directors (the “Individual Defendants”) and the underwriters for the Company’s initial public offering on October 21, 1999. The complaints were consolidated into a single action and an amended complaint was filed on April 19, 2002. The amended complaint, which is the operative complaint, was filed on behalf of persons who purchased the Company’s common stock between October 21, 1999 and December 6, 2000. The action against the Company is being coordinated with approximately three hundred other nearly identical actions filed against other companies. Due to the large number of nearly identical actions, the Court has ordered the parties to select up to twenty “test” cases. To date, along with sixteen other cases, the Company’s case has been selected as one such test case. As a result, among other things, the Company will be subject to broader discovery obligations and expenses in the litigation than non-test case issuer defendants. On October 9, 2002, the court dismissed the Individual Defendants from the case without prejudice based upon Stipulations of Dismissal filed by the plaintiffs and the Individual Defendants. This dismissal disposed of the Section 15 and Section 20(a) claims without prejudice, because these claims were asserted only against the Individual Defendants. On October 13, 2004, the court denied the certification of a class in the action against the Company with respect to the Section 11 claims alleging that the defendants made material false and misleading statements in the Company’s Registration Statement and Prospectuses. The certification was denied because no class representative purchased shares between the date of the initial public offering and January 19, 2000 (the date unregistered shares entered the market), and thereafter suffered a loss on the sale of those shares. The court certified a class in the action against the Company with respect to the Section 10(b) claims alleging that the Company and the Individual Defendants defrauded investors by participating in a fraudulent scheme and by making materially false and misleading statements and omissions of material fact during the period in question. The Underwriter Defendants sought leave to appeal this class certification decision and the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit has accepted the appeal. The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectus was issued in connection with Sycamore's initial public offering of 7,475,000 shares of common stock at $38.00 per share that was completed on or about October 21, 1999. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Sycamore shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Sycamore shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				





           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2003, on April 19, 2002, a single Consolidated Amended Complaint was filed, reiterating in one pleading the allegations contained in the previously filed separate actions, including the alleged Class Period of September 28, 2000 through and including December 6, 2000. On July 15, 2002 the Company joined in an omnibus motion to dismiss the lawsuits filed by all issuer defendants named in similar actions which challenges the legal sufficiency of the plaintiffs’ claims, including those in the consolidated amended complaint. Plaintiffs opposed the motion and the Court heard oral argument on the motion in November 2002. On February 19, 2003, the Court issued an Opinion and Order, granting in part and denying in part the motion to dismiss as to the Company. In addition, in August 2002, the plaintiffs agreed to dismiss without prejudice all of the individual defendants from the consolidated complaint. An order to that effect was entered by the Court in October 2002. A special Litigation Committee of the Board of Directors has authorized the Company to negotiate a settlement of the pending claims substantially consistent with a Memorandum of Understanding which was negotiated among class plaintiffs, all issuer defendants and their insurers. Any such settlement would be subject to approval by the Court. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) the Underwriter Defendants (Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, and Salomon Smith Barney) had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which the Underwriter Defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Proton Energy shares issued in connection with the Proton Energy IPO; and (ii) the Underwriter Defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants agreed to allocate Proton Energy shares to those customers in the Proton Energy IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Proton Energy shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004, in September 2003, in connection with the possible settlement, the Company’s officers and directors who had entered tolling agreements with the plaintiffs as described above agreed to extend those agreements so that they would not expire prior to any settlement being finalized. In February 2004, the settlement received preliminary approval from the court. Upon notification of all class members of the settlement, the parties will seek final approval from the court. As summarized by the Same SEC filing, in July 2001, the Company and certain of its officers and directors, as well as the underwriters of the Company’s initial public offering, or IPO, a number of other companies, or Issuers, individuals and IPO underwriters, were named as defendants in a series of class action shareholder complaints filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Those cases are now consolidated under the caption, In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, Case No. 91 MC 92. In October 2002, the parties agreed to toll the statute of limitations with respect to certain of the named officers and directors, including the Company’s, until September 30, 2003 and on the basis of this agreement, the Company’s officers and directors were dismissed from the lawsuit without prejudice. In February 2003, the Court issued a decision denying the motion to dismiss the Section 11 claims against substantially all of the Issuers, including the Company, and denying the motion to dismiss the Section 10(b) claims against many Issuers, including the Company. During the summer and fall of 2003, the Company, along with the substantial majority of Issuers, indirectly participated in discussions with the plaintiffs and the Company’s respective insurers regarding a tentative settlement of the lawsuit. The terms of the tentative settlement would provide for, among other things, a release of the Issuers and their officers and directors, including the Company, from all further liability resulting from plaintiffs’ claims and the assignment to plaintiffs of certain potential claims that the Issuers may have against their IPO underwriters. The tentative settlement also provides that, in the event that plaintiffs ultimately recover less than a guaranteed sum from the IPO underwriters, plaintiffs would be entitled to payment by each participating issuer’s insurer of a pro rata share of any shortfall in the plaintiffs’ guaranteed recovery. The Company entered into a non-binding memorandum of understanding reflecting the settlement terms described above. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) the Underwriter Defendants (Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, Robertson Stephens, and Merrill Lynch) had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which the Underwriter Defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of InterNAP shares issued in connection with the InterNAP IPO; and (ii) the Underwriter Defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants agreed to allocate InterNAP shares to those customers in the InterNAP IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional InterNAP shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. 
   				





           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2006, similar complaints have been filed against more than 300 other issuers, and the cases have been consolidated as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation. Settlement discussions on behalf of the named defendants resulted in a final settlement memorandum of understanding with the plaintiffs in the case and the Company’s insurance carriers, which has been submitted to the court. The underwriters are not parties to the proposed settlement. As of July 31, 2003, over 250 issuers, constituting a majority of the issuer defendants, had tentatively approved the settlement, including the Company. On August 31, 2005, the court granted preliminary approval of the settlement. On April 24, 2006, the court conducted a fairness hearing in connection with the motion for final approval of the settlement. The court did not issue a ruling on the motion for final approval at the hearing. The settlement remains subject to a number of conditions, including final approval of the court. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) the Underwriter Defendants (Morgan Stanley, Robertson Stephens, and Lehman Brothers) had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which the Underwriter Defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Redback shares issued in connection with the Redback IPO; and (ii) the Underwriter Defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants agreed to allocate Redback shares to those customers in the Redback IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Redback shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, in June 2003, upon the determination of a special independent committee of the Company’s Board of Directors, the Company elected to participate in a proposed settlement with the plaintiffs in this litigation. If ultimately approved by the Court, this proposed settlement would result in the dismissal, with prejudice, of all claims in the litigation against the Company and against any of the other issuer defendants who elect to participate in the proposed settlement, together with the current or former officers and directors of participating issuers who were named as individual defendants. The proposed settlement does not provide for the resolution of any claims against the underwriter defendants, and the litigation against those defendants is continuing. The proposed settlement provides that the class members in the class action cases brought against the participating issuer defendants will be guaranteed a recovery of $1 billion by the participating issuer defendants. If recoveries totaling less than $1 billion are obtained by the class members from the underwriter defendants, the class members will be entitled to recover the difference between $1 billion and the aggregate amount of those recoveries from the participating issuer defendants. If recoveries totaling $1 billion or more are obtained by the class members from the underwriter defendants, however, the monetary obligations to the class members under the proposed settlement will be satisfied. In addition, the Company and any other participating issuer defendants will be required to assign to the class members certain claims that the Company may have against the underwriters of the Company’s initial public offerings. On September 1, 2005, the Court preliminarily approved the proposed settlement and directed that notice of the terms of the proposed settlement be provided to class members. Thereafter, the Court held a fairness hearing on April 24, 2006, at which objections to the proposed settlement were heard. After the fairness hearing, the Court took under advisement whether to grant final approval to the proposed settlement.As summarized by the same SEC filing, during the period July 5, 2001 through July 27, 2001, the Company was named as a defendant in three shareholder class action lawsuits that were filed in federal court in New York City against the Company and certain of its former officers, current and former directors and the underwriters for its initial public offering. On April 19, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a single consolidated amended complaint that supersedes the individual complaints originally filed. Management understands that various other plaintiffs have filed substantially similar class action cases against approximately 300 other publicly-traded companies and their public offering underwriters in New York City, which have all been transferred, along with the case against the Company, to a single federal district judge for purposes of coordinated case management. On July 15, 2002, together with the other issuer defendants, the Company filed a collective motion to dismiss the consolidated, amended complaints against the issuers on various legal grounds common to all or most of the issuer defendants. The underwriters also filed separate motions to dismiss the claims against them. In addition, the parties have stipulated to the voluntary dismissal without prejudice of the Company’s individual former officers and current and former directors who were named as defendants in the Company’s litigation, and they are no longer parties to the litigation. On February 19, 2003, the Court issued its ruling on the motions to dismiss filed by the underwriter and issuer defendants. In that ruling the Court granted in part and denied in part those motions. As to the claims brought against the Company under the antifraud provisions of the securities laws, the Court dismissed all of these claims with prejudice, and refused to allow plaintiffs the opportunity to re-plead these claims. As to the claims brought under the registration provisions of the securities laws, which do not require that intent to defraud be pleaded, the Court denied the motion to dismiss these claims as to the Company and as to substantially all of the other issuer defendants as well. The Court also denied the underwriter defendants’ motion to dismiss in all respects.The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Morgan Stanley, Lehman, Robertson Stephens and Smith Barney had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Morgan Stanley, Lehman, Robertson Stephens and Smith Barney allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of ON Semiconductor shares issued in connection with the ON Semiconductor IPO; and (ii) Morgan Stanley, Lehman, Robertson Stephens and Smith Barney had entered into agreements with customers whereby Morgan Stanley, Lehman, Robertson Stephens and Smith Barney agreed to allocate ON Semiconductor shares to those customers in the ON Semiconductor IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional ON Semiconductor shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings. 
   				

           			The complaint alleges that, in exchange for the excessive commissions, members of the underwriting group Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Salomon Smith Barney Inc., Hambrecht & Quist LLC and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC allocated Rhythms Netconnections shares to customers at the IPO price of $21.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $21.00, the underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of Rhythms Netconnections stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive Rhythms Netconnections' share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $21.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $75 on its first day of trading, and subsequently rose to a peak high of $111.50 on April 13, 1999.The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the Rhythms Netconnections offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO transaction and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme discussed above.
   				

           			The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Goldman Sachs, Bear Stearns, Merrill, Lehman and Smith Barney had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Goldman Sachs, Bear Stearns, Merrill, Lehman and Smith Barney allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Network Plus shares issued in connection with the Network Plus IPO; and (ii) Goldman Sachs, Bear Stearns, Merrill, Lehman and Smith Barney had entered into agreements with customers whereby Goldman Sachs, Bear Stearns, Merrill, Lehman and Smith Barney agreed to allocate Network Plus shares to those customers in the Network Plus IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Network Plus shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 4, 2006, a proposal to settle the claims against all of the issuers and individual defendants in the coordinated litigation was accepted by the Company and given preliminary approval by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The completion of the settlement is subject to a number of conditions, including final approval by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. Under the settlement, the plaintiffs will dismiss and release all claims against participating defendants in exchange for a contingent payment guaranty by the insurance companies collectively responsible for insuring the issuers in the action, and the assignment or surrender to the plaintiffs of certain claims the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters. Under the guaranty, the insurers will be required to pay an amount equal to $1.0 billion less any amounts ultimately collected by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants in all the cases. As summarized by the same SEC filing, the Company, certain of its directors and officers and certain investment bank underwriters have been named in a putative class action for violation of the federal securities laws in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, captioned “In re TIBCO Software Inc. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation.” This is one of a number of cases challenging underwriting practices in the initial public offerings (each, an “IPO”) of more than 300 companies, which have been coordinated for pretrial proceedings as “In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation.” Plaintiffs generally allege that the underwriters engaged in undisclosed and improper underwriting activities, namely the receipt of excessive brokerage commissions and customer agreements regarding post-offering purchases of stock in exchange for allocations of IPO shares. Plaintiffs also allege that various investment bank securities analysts issued false and misleading analyst reports. The complaint against the Company claims that the purported improper underwriting activities were not disclosed in the registration statements for our IPO and secondary public offering and seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a purported class of persons who purchased the company’s securities or sold put options during the time period from July 13, 1999, to December 6, 2000.The complaint alleges that, in exchange for the excessive commissions, members of the underwriting group Goldman, Sachs & Co., Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. and Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown allocated Tibco Software shares to customers at the IPO price of $15.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $15.00, the underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of Tibco Software stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive Tibco Software's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $15.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $147 on March 9, 2000. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the securities laws because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the Tibco Software offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO transaction and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme discussed above. 
   				

           			According to a Dow Jones News Service article dated November 10, 2003, Extreme Networks Inc. (EXTR) has agreed to a proposed settlement of a securities fraud class-action lawsuit concerning the company's initial public offering. Under the terms of the deal, the plaintiffs will dismiss and release all claims against Extreme in exchange for a payment by the companies that insured Extreme's IPO in April 1999, according to the SEC filing. Extreme also agreed to surrender the control of certain claims it may have against the underwriters of its IPO, including Morgan Stanley & Co. (MWD), BancBoston Robertson Stephens Inc. and Lehman Brothers Inc. (LEH) - all of which were named as defendants in the lawsuit.Extreme won't have to make a cash payment to the plaintiffs unless the amount paid by the insurers in the settlement exceeds the amount of the insurance coverage, according to the filing. The amount to be paid to the plaintiffs by the insurance companies wasn't disclosed.According to a Press Release dated July 6, 2001 Milberg Weiss announced a class action suit against Extreme Networks Inc. The complaint alleges violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) the defendants had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which the defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Extreme Networks shares issued in connection with the Extreme Networks IPO; and (ii) the defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby the defendants agreed to allocate Extreme Networks shares to those customers in the Extreme Networks IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Extreme Networks shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. 


           			According to a Press Release dated July 13, 2001 Bernstein Liebhard & Lifshitz, LLP announces a class action lawsuit against Webvan Group, Inc.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Webvan shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Webvan shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices. The SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings, including the offerings of VA Linux Systems, Inc., Ariba Inc. and United Parcel Service, Inc.
   				

           			According to a press release dated June 19, 2004, U.S. District Judge John Moore II of Jacksonville approved the company's $6.75 million settlement, resolving nine consolidated securities-fraud suits. PSS World Medical officials said earlier that insurance would cover about $6.5 million of the settlement.The Complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between October 26, 1999 and September 1, 2000, thereby artificially inflating the price of PSSI securities. Throughout the class period, defendants issued multiple press releases and filed quarterly reports and an annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission which materially overstated the Company's net income in violation of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. On June 22, 2000, Defendants issued a press release announcing its year end results and the fact that it had entered into a definitive stock-for-stock merger agreement with Fisher Scientific International, Inc. (``Fisher''). The market reacted favorably to this announcement because of the value of the exchange ratio of Fisher's shares. One of the key terms of the merger, which was belatedly disclosed by the Company, was that the Company had to report EBITDA of not less than $23 million for the quarter in order for the merger to be consummated. In an August 8, 2000 press release, defendants announced that they were in compliance with this provision of the merger agreement and that the merger was expected to proceed. On September 1, 2000, the Company issued a press release reporting that the merger agreement had been terminated. In response to this announcement, the market reevaluated the true value of PSSI's shares, which had been buoyed by the potential exchange value of Fisher's stock during the Class Period, and, accordingly, shares of PSSI's stock, which had closed at $6 3/8 prior to announcement of the merger termination, closed at $4 13/16 on an inordinate volume of 5,730,200 shares upon dissemination of the news. As the sell-off continued, the price of the Company's stock settled into the range of approximately $2 3/4 - $3 3/4. While Fisher had abandoned the merger because of the results of its own due diligence review of the Company's books and records, the public only became aware of the truth on June 27, 2001. On that date, PSSI filed its Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2001 with the SEC and disclosed, for the first time, the fact that the Company's internal controls over inventory, accounts payable, sales, and accounts receivable were, at all relevant times, materially deficient and that the Company had previously issued financial statements for the quarter ended June 30, 2000 which were materially misleading. As a result of these problems, the Company would be forced to restate its previous financial data, and would also cause the Company's EBITDA to be reduced, below the threshold that would have allowed the merger to be completed.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated 7/12/2001 a complaint was filed against Buy.com allegeing violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities  Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Merrill Lynch, Bear Stearns, Robertson Stephens, Goldman Sachs and Smith Barney had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions in exchange for which they allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Buy.com shares issued in Buy.com IPO; and that they had entered into agreements with customers whereby they agreed to allocate Buy.com shares to those customers in the Buy.com IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Buy.com shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			On July 11, 2007, the plaintiff gave notice of his appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit from the Order Denying Motion for Payment of Damages and Motion to Award Attorneys’ Fees entered on June 13, 2007 and the Order Denying Motion for Reconsideration entered on June 29, 2007.According to the latest docket posted, on February 24, 2004, the Court entered the Order by U.S. District Judge Claudia Wilken preliminarily approving the settlement and providing for notice. The Fairness Hearing was set for May 14, 2004.  At the Hearing, Judge Wilken granted the motion for approval of plan of allocation of the settlement proceeds, the application for award of attorneys' fees and reimbursement of expenses, and the motion for final approval of the settlement.  The Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal was entered that day.In a press release dated January 5, 2004, Tut Systems, Inc. announced that it has reached settlements of the class action securities lawsuits that subsequently were consolidated. The Company also announced that it has reached a settlement of the derivative lawsuit entitled Lefkowitz v. D'Auria, et al., that was brought in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Alameda. Subject to approval by the District Court, Tut Systems has agreed to pay $10 million to settle the consolidated class action lawsuits, which will be paid by the Company's insurance company. Subject to approval by the Superior Court, the derivative lawsuit settlement involves the Company's adoption of certain corporate governance measures and payment of attorneys' fees and expenses to the derivative plaintiff's counsel, which also will be paid by the Company's insurance company. Both settlements include releases of all defendants.The original complaint charges Tut and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that defendants misrepresented the revenues that Tut was deriving from its sales to small competitive local exchange carriers which were not able to pay for the products purchased from Tut, causing Tut's sales to be inflated and its stock price to be artificially inflated to a Class Period high of $120.37 on 8/29/00. This upsurge in Tut's stock caused by defendants' false and misleading statements enabled the individual defendants to sell 87,100 shares of their Tut stock for proceeds of $8.1 million. By late 11/00, analysts learned that Tut's 4thQ 00 sales would be well below previously forecasted levels, causing the stock to decline. On 11/30/00, Tut revealed to the public that it was in fact suffering a huge decline in revenues, was not posting smaller negative earnings per share growth, and contrary to defendants' repeated assurances, Tut was forced to reveal the problems it had been experiencing during the Class Period in attempting to grow its business. This announcement caused the stock to drop to below $10 per share but the stock continued to trade at artificially inflated levels as defendants concealed the large amount of uncollectible receivables on Tut's books. Then on, 1/31/01, Tut announced huge write-offs of uncollectible accounts receivable and inventory, that its 4thQ 00 revenues had dropped to less than $6 million compared to more than $10 million in the 4thQ 99, and that it was laying off 10% of its workforce. This announcement caused its stock price to drop to as low as $5.84, causing hundreds of millions of dollars in damages to members of the Class.
   				

           			According to the docket, on July 15, 2005, the Court entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice signed by U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer. The settlement was approved against Clarent Corporation and certain former directors and officers of Clarent Corporation.  The Court further entered the Order approving the Plan of Allocation and the award of attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of expenses.  On July 26, 2005, the Court also entered the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice against Jerry Shaw-Yau Chang.By the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Partial Settlement of Class Action dated May 13, 2005, the Court will hold a hearing on July 14, 2005, at 10:00 a.m., to decide whether to approve the settlement in the amount of $6.9 million. This $6.9 million is in addition to the $2 million settlement fund paid by or on behalf of other defendants, Cooley Godward LLP, and Deborah Ludewig (the “Cooley Defendants”), for claims on behalf of persons who acquired Clarent common stock between March 29, 2001 and August 31, 2001. A separate notice regarding that settlement was previously sent and the Court approved that settlement on March 25, 2005. In this court case, Ernst & Young LLP (“E&Y”) was also a defendant. On or about February 16, 2005, a jury found E&Y not liable.The Court in charge of the case is the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and the case is known as In re Clarent Corporation Securities Litigation, Master File No. C-01-3361 CRB. The institution who sued, Otter Creek Partners, is called the Lead Plaintiff. The following are current or former “Defendants” in the action: Clarent, E&Y, the Cooley Defendants, Jerry Shaw-Yau Chang, Matthew Chiang, Barry Forman, Richard J. Heaps, Michael F. Vargo, and Simon Wong. The settlement applies to all of these defendants except for the Cooley Defendants (which paid $2 million in a separate settlement) and E&Y (which prevailed at trial). This settlement also dismisses actual or potential claims against current and former directors, officers, and employees of Clarent or its subsidiaries, except Matthew Chiang, who are or were insureds under any of certain insurance policies issued to Clarent for the time period relevant to this lawsuit (herein referred to as “Released Persons”).In a press release dated February 17, 2005, after 4 weeks of trial and 3 days of deliberation by a San Francisco jury in In re Clarent Corporation Securities Litigation, the jury found liability against one of the Individual Defendants, CEO of Clarent, for a knowing omission or misstatement in Clarent's second quarter 2001 10-Q. The jury also found that E&Y made a false statement in connection with Clarent's second quarter 2001 10Q, although it declined to assign liability to E&Y for the misstatement.By the Notice of Pendency and Proposed Partial Settlement of Class Action dated November 12, 2004, a Settlement Hearing will be held on March 25, 2005, for the purpose of determining: (1) whether the Settlement of the claims against the Cooley Defendants, in the Cooley Action for the sum of approximately $2,000,000 in cash, plus accrued interest, should be approved by the Court as fair, reasonable, and adequate and, therefore, this Cooley Action against the Cooley Defendants should be dismissed with prejudice as set forth in the Stipulation of Settlement dated as of November 11, 2004 (the “Stipulation”); (2) whether the Plan of Allocation is fair and equitable and therefore should be approved; and (3) whether the application of Lead Counsel for the payment of attorneys’ fees, reimbursement of expenses, and interest thereon should be approved.  The original complaint charges Clarent and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  On September 4, 2001, Clarent announced in a press release that it had discovered information suggesting that its previously reported revenues for the first and second quarters of fiscal 2001 may have been materially overstated, and that the Company's Board of Directors was forming a special committee to investigate a number of transactions that placed in question the Company's historical financial results.  The Company also stated that its first quarter 2001 revenues, as release on April 19, 2001, and its second quarter 2001 revenues, as release on July 19, 2001, will be reduced and the related net losses will increase upon conclusion of the review.  In addition, the Company anticipates that its revenues for the second half of fiscal 2001 and for fiscal 2002 will be substantially below previously anticipated levels, and that the related losses will be significantly larger than expected.  The Company also announced that several of its officers had been placed on administrative leave.  On this news trading halted at $5.37.
   				

           			According to Overture Services, Inc.’s (formerly Goto.com, Inc.) Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2003, on July 12, 2001, the first of several purported securities class action lawsuits was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York against certain underwriters involved in Overture’s initial public offering, Overture, and certain of Overture’s current and former officers and directors. The Court consolidated the cases against Overture into case number 01 Civ. 6339. Plaintiffs allege, among other things, violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 involving undisclosed compensation to the underwriters, and improper practices by the underwriters, and seek unspecified damages. Similar complaints were filed in the same court against numerous public companies that conducted initial public offerings of their common stock since the mid-1990s. All of these lawsuits were consolidated for pretrial purposes before Judge Shira Scheindlin. On April 19, 2002, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, alleging Rule 10b-5 claims of fraud. On July 15, 2002, the issuers filed an omnibus motion to dismiss for failure to comply with applicable pleading standards. On October 8, 2002, the Court entered an Order of Dismissal as to all of the individual defendants in the Overture IPO litigation, without prejudice. On February 19, 2003, the Court largely denied the motion to dismiss, including the Rule 10b-5 claims against Overture, and Overture remains a defendant in the case. Overture continues to deny the allegations against it, believes that it has meritorious defenses to the amended complaint, and intends to contest the allegations vigorously. The parties have continued to engage in settlement discussions, and the plaintiffs, insurers, and defendant issuers (including individual officers and directors) are considering a final draft of a settlement memo of understanding.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectus was issued in connection with GoTo.com's initial public offering of 6,000,000 shares of common stock at $15.00 per share that was completed on or about June 18, 1999. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted GoTo.com shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase GoTo.com shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices. The SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings, including the offerings of VA Linux Systems, Inc., Ariba Inc. and United Parcel Service, Inc. Plaintiff seeks to recover damages on behalf of all those who purchased or otherwise acquired GoTo.com securities during the Class Period.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2001, on July 12, 2001, the Company and five of its current and former executive officers were named as defendants in a purported class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. This lawsuit is captioned Paul Ruthfield v. Exodus Communications, Inc., et al., No. 01-CV-2661. Between July 16, 2001 and August 31, 2001 fourteen substantially identical lawsuits were filed in the same court, each naming the same group of defendants.These complaints are all brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock between March 30, 2001 and June 20, 2001 and allege essentially identical violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The complaints have been brought as purported stockholder class actions under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act. In general, the complaints allege that Exodus and the individual defendants misrepresented Exodus' financial prospects for the second quarter of 2001 to inflate the value of the Company’s common stock. The complaints seek unspecified monetary damages for the alleged inflated price of the Company’s common stock purchased by all class members, attorneys' fees and costs of litigation. The Company anticipates that the complaints pending in federal court will be consolidated into a single proceeding. The Company has not yet responded to any of these lawsuits, and no discovery has been conducted. This action has been automatically stayed with the Company’s Chapter 11 filing.As summarized by the latest docket posted, on October 9, 2001, Exodus Communications filed a notice of bankruptcy.  On October 30, 2001, the Court entered the Order granting the plaintiffs’ motion to appoint Michael Klein, Teresi Trucking, Inc., and William H. Friedman as lead plaintiff and approve lead plaintiff's choice of counsel.  On December 13, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Class Action Complaint, and on February 14, 2002, the defendants responded by filing a motion to dismiss the Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  On April 17, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a Corrected Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  On May 29, 2002, the Court entered the Order granting the motion to dismiss with leave to amend.  On July 11, 2002, the plaintiffs filed a First Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint, and on March 23, 2002, the underwriter defendants and the individual defendants responded by filing motions to dismiss the First Amended Consolidated Complaint.  On August 20, 2003, the Court entered the Order granting both motions to dismiss with leave to amend.  On October 20, 2003, the plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint against the underwriter defendants and the individual defendants.  The plaintiffs later filed a Third Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint on January 15, 2004.  On March 12, 2004, the underwriter defendants and the individual defendants both filed motions to dismiss the Third Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  On April 29, 2005, the plaintiffs filed a Corrected Third Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint.  On August 5, 2005, the Court entered the Order granting in part and denying in part the underwriter defendants' motion to dismiss, and granting the individual defendants' motion to dismiss.  On August 19, 2005, the plaintiffs filed a motion for reconsideration of the August 5, 2005 Order.  On September 12, 2005, the Court entered the Order granting the plaintiffs' motion for reconsideration of the Court's dismissal of the section 11 and section 15 claims, as asserted against defendant Ellen M. Hancock, and defendants' motion to dismiss said claims was denied.  On March 23, 2006, the defendants filed a motion for lack of prosecution.  Further, on March 30, 2006, an individual defendant filed a motion for summary judgment.In a press release dated June 15, 2006, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California dismissed class members who did not have remaining claims in a securities fraud class action. Further, the district court ruled that the lead plaintiff could not decline to answer discovery until another plaintiff intervened to seek appointment as class representative…. The district court dismissed all of the claims except for the §11 claims against the underwriter defendants. The defendants moved to dismiss certain class members who originally filed § § 10(b) and 20(a) claims, but did not have claims under § 11. Lead plaintiff must answer discovery. The district court ruled that the lead plaintiff may not refuse to answer discovery while waiting for another plaintiff to intervene as class representative. The district court dismissed the class members' who did not have § 11 claims. The district court denied dismissal of the lead plaintiff, granting the plaintiff an opportunity to decide whether he would serve as class representative and to answer discovery.On August 16, 2006, the Court entered the Judgment in a Civil Case. According to the Judgment, Brodsky’s motion to intervene is hereby denied, The Fund’s motion to intervene is hereby denied, Defendants’ motion to dismiss is hereby granted. On November 27, 2006, the plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal.  On December 11, 2006, the defendants also filed Notices of Cross Appeals.  The appeals are currently pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.According to a press release dated on July 16, 2008, a securities class action against former Web hosting firm Exodus Communications Inc. has been settled after seven years.  Preliminary approval for the $5 million settlement was granted by Judge Maxine Chesney of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California in an order Wednesday.  The parties drafted a stipulation of settlement on April 9, just days before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit issued its order partially remanding the dismissed lawsuit back to the federal court.  The case had been pending in the circuit court on appeal by the shareholders and on cross-appeal by an Exodus defendant when the parties agreed to enter into mediation.On October 31, 2008, the Settlement Hearing was held before U.S. District Judge Maxine M. Chesney.  At the Hearing, Judge Chesney approved the Plan of Allocation of Settlement Proceeds, approved the motion for award of attorney fees and expenses and issued the Final Judgment and Order of Dismissal with Prejudice.  The settlement is approved and the action dismissed with prejudice.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2003, the Company has decided to accept a settlement proposal presented to all issuer defendants. In this settlement, plaintiffs will dismiss and release all claims against the iManage Defendants, in exchange for a contingent payment by the insurance companies collectively responsible for insuring the issuers in all of the public offering cases, and for the assignment or surrender of control of certain claims the Company may have against the underwriters. The iManage Defendants will not be required to make any cash payments in the settlement, unless the pro rata amount paid by the insurers in the settlement exceeds the amount of the insurance coverage, a circumstance which the Company does not believe will occur. The settlement will require approval of the Court, which cannot be assured, after class members are given the opportunity to object to the settlement or opt out of the settlement.As summarized by the same SEC filing, beginning on July 11, 2001, several securities class action complaints were filed against the Company, the underwriters of its initial public offering, its directors and certain officers in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The cases were consolidated and the litigation is now captioned as In re iManage, Inc. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, Civ. No. 01-6277 (SAS) (S.D.N.Y.), related to In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92 (SAS) (S.D.N.Y). The operative amended complaint is brought purportedly on behalf of all persons who purchased the Company’s common stock from November 17, 1999 through December 6, 2000. It names as defendants the Company and five of its present and former officers (the “iManage Defendants”); and several investment banking firms that served as underwriters of the initial public offering. Subsequently, the individual defendants stipulated with plaintiffs to dismissal from the case without prejudice, subject to a tolling agreement. Similar allegations were made in other lawsuits challenging over 300 other public offerings conducted in 1999, 2000 and 2001. The cases were consolidated for pretrial purposes. On February 19, 2003, the Court ruled on all defendants’ motions to dismiss. The motion was denied as to claims under the Securities Act of 1933 in the case involving the Company, as well as in majority of all other cases. The motion was denied as to the claim under Section 10(b) as to the Company, on the basis that the complaint alleged that the Company had made an acquisitions following the initial public offering.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectus was issued in connection with iManage's initial public offering of 3.6 million shares of common stock at $11.00 per share that was completed on or about November 17, 1999 (the "IPO"). The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted iManage shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase iManage shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated July 11, 2001 the complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectus was issued in connection with Ashford.com's initial public offering of 6,250,000 shares of common stock at $13.00 per share that was completed on or about September 22, 1999. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Ashford.com shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Ashford.com shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated July 11, 2001, the complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Tickets.com shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Tickets.com shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices. The SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings, including the offerings of VA Linux Systems, Inc., Ariba Inc. and United Parcel Service, Inc. Plaintiff seeks to recover damages on behalf of all those who purchased or otherwise acquired Tickets.com securities during the Class Period.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004, in June 2003, the Company joined in a tentative global settlement that would, among other things, result in the dismissal with prejudice of all claims against all issuers and their officers and directors in the IPO-related lawsuits, and the assignment to plaintiffs of certain potential claims that the issuers may have against their IPO underwriters. The tentative settlement provides that, in the event that the plaintiffs ultimately recover less than $1 billion in settlement or judgment against the underwriter defendants in the IPO-related lawsuits, the plaintiffs would be entitled to payment by each participating Issuer’s insurer of a pro rata share of any shortfall in the plaintiffs’ guaranteed recovery. The tentative settlement does not involve any payment or admission of wrongdoing by the Company. In July 2003, pursuant to the authorization of a special litigation committee of the Company ‘s Board of Directors, the Company entered into a non-binding memorandum of understanding reflecting the settlement terms described above. In September 2003, in connection with the possible settlement, the Company’s officers and directors who had entered tolling agreements with plaintiffs agreed to extend those agreements so that they would not expire prior to any settlement being finalized. In June 2004, Blue Martini executed a final settlement agreement with the plaintiffs. On February 15, 2005, the Court issued a decision certifying a class action for settlement purposes and granting preliminary approval of the settlement, subject to modification of one aspect of the settlement. The settlement remains subject to a number of procedural conditions, as well as final approval by the court.As summarized by the same SEC filing, beginning in July 2001, Blue Martini, certain of the Company’s former officers and directors and Goldman Sachs and the other underwriters of the Company’s initial public offering, or IPO, were named as defendants in several class action shareholder complaints filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, consolidated under the title In re Blue Martini Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation. Similar complaints were filed in the same Court against hundreds of other public companies that conducted IPOs of their common stock since the mid-1990s. On August 8, 2001, all IPO-related lawsuits were consolidated for pretrial purposes before United States Judge Shira Scheindlin of the Southern District of New York. In accordance with Judge Scheindlin’s orders, the Company did not answer the complaint, and no discovery was served. Also in accordance with Judge Scheindlin’s orders, plaintiffs filed amended consolidated complaints on April 19, 2002. The Company joined in a global motion to dismiss the IPO Lawsuits on July 15, 2002. On or about October 9, 2002, the Company’s directors and officers were dismissed without prejudice pursuant to a stipulated dismissal and tolling agreement between the plaintiffs and certain individual defendants. On November 1, 2002 Judge Scheindlin presided over an all-day hearing on the global motions to dismiss. On February 19, 2003, Judge Scheindlin issued a ruling on the global motion to dismiss; with respect to the Company, the motion was granted in part and denied in part. The complaint alleges that defendants Blue Martini and certain individuals violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling Blue Martini common stock pursuant to the July 24, 2000 IPO without disclosing to investors that some of the underwriters in the offering, including the lead underwriters, had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors.More specifically, the complaint alleges that, in exchange for the excessive commissions, members of the underwriting group Goldman Sachs & Co., Dain Rauscher Incorporated, Thomas Weisel Partners LLC and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc. allocated Blue Martini shares to customers at the IPO price of $20.00 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $20.00, the underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of Blue Martini stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive Blue Martini's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $20.00 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $57 3/8 on its first day of trading, and which subsequently, on August 9, 2000, rose to a peak of $77 5/8.The complaint further alleges that rather than the underwriters allowing their customers to keep their profits from the IPO, they required their customers to ``kick back'' some of their profits in the form of secret commissions. These secret commission payments were sometimes calculated after the fact based on how much profit each investor had made from his or her IPO stock allocation.The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the Blue Martini offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO transaction and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme discussed above.
   				

           			According to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, on June 11, 2004, the Company and the individual defendants, as well as many other issuers named as defendants in the class action proceeding, entered into an agreement-in-principle to settle this matter, and on June 14, 2004, this settlement was presented to the court. The district court granted a preliminary approval of the issuers' settlement on February 15, 2005, subject to certain modifications to the proposed bar order, to which plaintiffs and issuers agreed. On August 31, 2005, the court issued a preliminary order further approving the modifications to the settlement and certifying the settlement classes. The court appointed Garden City Group as the notice administrator for the settlement and ordered that notice of the settlement be distributed to all settlement class members beginning on November 15, 2005 and completed by January 15, 2006. The deadline for filing objections to the settlement was March 24, 2006, and the fairness hearing was April 26, 2006. Pursuant to the terms of the proposed settlement, in exchange for a termination and release of all claims against the Company and the individual defendants and certain protections against third-party claims, the Company will assign to the plaintiffs certain claims the Company may have as an issuer against the underwriters, and the Company’s insurance carriers, along with the insurance carriers of the other issuers, will ensure a floor of $1 billion for any underwriter-plaintiff settlement. As summarized by the same SEC filing, beginning July 11, 2001, the Company was served with several class action complaints that were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company and several of its officers, directors, and former officers and directors, as well as against the investment banking firms that underwrote the Company’s November 10, 1999 initial public offering of common stock and our March 9, 2000 secondary offering of common stock. The complaints were filed on behalf of persons who purchased the Company’s common stock during different time periods, all beginning on or after November 10, 1999 and ending on or before December 6, 2000.  The complaints are similar to each other and to hundreds of other complaints filed against other issuers and their underwriters, and allege violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 primarily based on the assertion that there was undisclosed compensation received by the Company’s underwriters in connection with our public offerings and that there were understandings with customers to make purchases in the aftermarket. The plaintiffs have sought an undetermined amount of monetary damages in relation to these claims. On September 4, 2001, the cases against the Company were consolidated. On October 9, 2002, the individual defendants were dismissed from the litigation by stipulation and without prejudice.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted iBasis shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase iBasis shares in the after-market at pre- determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2002, by a Final Order entered on May 29, 2002, a United States District Court Judge dismissed the consolidated amended complaint. The Final Order was accompanied by a Memorandum Opinion granting defendants' motion to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint for failure to state a claim. In the Memorandum Opinion, the Court found that the plaintiffs had not pleaded facts raising a strong inference that any disclosure challenged was made with fraudulent intent or was materially misleading or omissive.As reported by the same SEC filing, four purported class action lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Virginia. One of the complaints was dismissed voluntarily. The remaining cases were consolidated and an amended consolidated complaint, which added as a defendant the Company's Executive Vice President of Marketing and Business Development and a director of the Company, was filed on December 17, 2001. On or about January 31, 2002, the defendants filed a motion to have the amended consolidated complaint dismissed with prejudice.The original complaint charges defendants with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between, April 24, 2001 through June 18, 2001 thereby artificially inflating the price of Trex securities.The Complaint alleges that throughout the Class Period, the Company repeatedly issued press releases highlighting the Company's strong sales revenue growth and earnings growth. These statements were materially false and misleading because they failed to disclose that (1) the company had shipped to their customers product in quantities far in excess of the actual demand which resulted in inventory build-up at its customers; and (2) the excess inventory at the customer level resulted in the company not reasonably believing it could achieve $81 million in first half revenues for 2001 . Finally, on June 18, 2001, the company revealed that because of its excess inventories at the customers, it had experienced substantially reduced sales in April and May and that Trex expected to achieve only $66 to $68 million in revenues for the first half of 2001. As a result of this disclosure, Trex's stock price fell $7.98 to close at $18.50 on June 19, with over 1.3 million shares traded.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004, a settlement in principle has been reached among the plaintiff shareholders, theissuers (including Terra Networks, S.A.) and the issuers' insurance companies.According to the terms of the settlement, the issuers, including Terra, andtheir insurance companies undertake to guarantee a certain sum of money oncondition that the plaintiffs do not collect such amount from the underwriters.The Company accepted the terms of this settlement agreement on July 22, 2003,conditioned on the acceptance of the other parties. The settlement does notresolve the dispute between the plaintiffs and the underwriters. On February 15,2005, the settlement was preliminarily approved by the trial judge, subject tominor revisions to the bar order. The court will hold an evidentiary hearing todetermine the fairness of the settlement, after which the preliminary settlementwould become final, and the actions against Terra and the other issuers would bedismissed.As summarized by the same SEC filing, Terra Networks, S.A. and certain of its directors and officers who worked for the Company in 1999 at the time of our initial public offering in the United States have been named as defendants in five lawsuits filed in the United States. These lawsuits were consolidated into one amended complaint which is related to numerous purported class actions (over 1,000) filed in the Southern District of New York against certain issuers of securities in initial public offerings, certain individual directors and officers of those issuers, and the underwriters of those initial public offerings, purportedly on behalf of purchasers of stock in the initial public offerings or the aftermarket. The complaints allege principally that the financial institutions underwriting the initial public offering assigned shares to certain customers in exchange for those customers agreeing (i) to purchase shares in the aftermarket at a fixed price to maintain an artificially high market value for the shares and (ii) to pay the financial institutions inflated fees or other remuneration in violation of applicable Securities and Exchange Commission and National Association of Securities Dealers rules and regulations. Because these allegations have been made principally against the underwriters, the Company, and other companies whose initial public offerings have been the subject of similar allegations, have negotiated the stay of all proceedings brought against the issuers and directors and officers of the issuers until the issue between the plaintiffs and the underwriters is addressed by the court. Additionally, plaintiffs' counsel, issuers and the issuers' insurance companies have initiated a mediation. The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Terra Networks shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Terra Networks shares in the after- market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the docket, on September 10, 2001, the plaintiffs filed a motion to appoint M. Beckman Ltd. and Red Mountain Holdings Ltd. as lead plaintiff and for approval of lead plaintiff's choice of counsel. On September 28, 2001, U.S. Wireless Corporation filed a notice of bankruptcy.  On April 22, 2002, the Court issued the Order granting the motion to appoint lead plaintiff and lead counsel, but that same day, the Court also issued the Minute Entry from a Case Management Conference held that day before U.S. District Judge Marilyn H. Patel.  According to the minutes, Defendant U.S. Wireless is in bankruptcy and, further, the Court will issue an order to administratively close the action pending notification from counsel.  The next day, the Court issued the Order by the judge dismissing the case for statistical purposes.The complaint charges U.S. Wireless and its former Chairman and CEO with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company, through a national network of wireless location systems, enables wireless carriers to offer location-enhanced services, including 911 caller pinpointing, localized news and traffic updates, vehicle and asset tracking, and carrier network management services. The complaint alleges that during the Class Period, in order to conceal their self dealing transactions, defendants caused the Company to falsely report its results for fiscal 2000 through improper characterization of the benefit and the beneficiaries of the issuance of shares of the Company's stock. As a result of this mischaracterization, the Company's net loss attributable to common shareholders was understated by $6.2 million, or 35%. Ultimately, U.S. Wireless revealed that its results for fiscal 2000 were in error and would be restated to record the share issuances at fair market value and record a loss of $5.3 million for the shares and $0.9 million for certain tax effects. Absent defendants' improper accounting, the Company would have reported much less favorable fiscal 2000 earnings. The complaint further alleges that on or around May 29, 2001, Nasdaq issued an unusual press release entitled ``Nasdaq Halts Trading of U.S. Wireless Corporation and Requests Additional Information from Company.'' On this news, U.S. Wireless shares were halted from trading at $2.91, 88% lower than the Class Period high of $24.50.
   				

           			According to The SCO Group Inc.’s (formerly Caldera International) FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 30, 2006, the Company is an issuer defendant in a series of class action lawsuits involving over 300 issuers that have been consolidated under In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92 (SAS).  The consolidated complaint alleges, among other things, certain improprieties regarding the underwriters’ conduct during the Company’s initial public offering and the failure to disclose such conduct in the registration statement in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The plaintiffs, the issuers and the insurance companies have negotiated an agreement to settle the dispute between the plaintiffs and the issuers.  All parties, including the plaintiffs, issuers and insurance companies, have executed this settlement agreement and the settlement agreement has been submitted to the court for approval.  If the settlement agreement is approved by the court, and if no cross-claims, counterclaims or third-party claims are later asserted, this action will be dismissed with respect to the Company and its directors.  The Company has notified its underwriters and insurance companies of the existence of the claims.  Management believes, after consultation with legal counsel, that the ultimate outcome of this matter will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations or financial position and will not exceed the $200,000 self-insured retention already paid or accrued by the Company.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Caldera shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Caldera shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the docket posted, on April 10, 2002, the plaintiffs filed an assented motion to dismiss the action with prejudice. On April 12, 2002, the Court entered the Order signed by U.S. District Judge Douglas P. Woodlock dismissing both cases, 1:01-cv-11185 and related case 1:01-cv-11243, with prejudice.  The Plaintiff could not find a lead plaintiff to represent the class.  The case was closed.The complaint charges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between July 20, 2000 and January 11, 2001. Specifically, as alleged in the complaint, the Company improperly recognized revenues during its second and third quarters of 2000 in order to meet revenue and earnings expectations during the Class Period, on products which were shipped to distributors months ahead of schedule and product-orders which had been canceled by distributors. On January 11, 2001, Sipex issued a press release announcing that its revenues for the fourth quarter of 2000 would be much worse than prior guidance, due to order cancellations and returns of products it already shipped and an inability to meet supposedly high-demand for products that it was unable to deliver to customers because of production problems. In response to this announcement, Sipex's stock price dropped by 46.3% in one day, from $24.2344 per share on January 11, 2001, to $13 per share by the close of trading on January 12, 2001. Prior to the disclosure of the true facts about Sipex's business, Sipex insiders sold a total of over $35 million of their personally-held Sipex stock.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 200, the Company has approved a settlement agreement and related agreements which set forth the terms of a settlement between the Company, the Individual Defendants, the plaintiff class and the vast majority of the other approximately 300 issuer defendants. Among other provisions, the settlement provides for a release of the Company and the Individual Defendants for the conduct alleged in the action to be wrongful. The Company would agree to undertake certain responsibilities, including agreeing to assign away, not assert, or release certain potential claims the Company may have against its underwriters. The settlement agreement also provides a guaranteed recovery of $1 billion to plaintiffs for the cases relating to all of the approximately 300 issuers. To the extent that the underwriter defendants settle all of the cases for at least $1 billion, no payment will be required under the issuers’ settlement agreement. On April 20, 2006, JPMorgan Chase and the plaintiffs reached a preliminary agreement for a settlement of $425 million. The JPMorgan Chase settlement has not yet been approved by the Court. However, if it is finally approved, then the maximum amount that the issuers’ insurers will be potentially liable for is $575 million. To the extent that the underwriter defendants settle for less than $1 billion, the issuers are required to make up the difference. It is anticipated that any potential financial obligation of the Company to plaintiffs pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement and related agreements will be covered by existing insurance. On February 15, 2005, the court granted preliminary approval of the settlement agreement, subject to certain modifications consistent with its opinion. Those modifications have been made. On March 20, 2006, the Underwriter Defendants submitted objections to the settlement to the Court. The Court held a hearing regarding these and other objections to the settlement at a fairness hearing on April 24, 2006, but it has not yet issued a ruling. There is no assurance that the court will grant final approval to the settlement. As disclosed by the same SEC filing, in Summer and early Fall 2001, four purported shareholder class action lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company, certain of its current and former officers and directors (the “Individual Defendants”), and the underwriters of its initial public offering. The suits purport to be class actions filed on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock during the period from October 19, 1999 to December 6, 2000. The complaints against the Company have been consolidated into a single action and a Consolidated Amended Complaint, which was filed on April 19, 2002 and is now the operative complaint. The action is being coordinated with approximately 300 other nearly identical actions filed against other companies. On July 15, 2002, the Company moved to dismiss all claims against it and the Individual Defendants. On October 9, 2002, the Court dismissed the Individual Defendants from the case without prejudice based upon Stipulations of Dismissal filed by the plaintiffs and the Individual Defendants. On February 19, 2003, the Court denied the motion to dismiss the complaint against the Company. On October 13, 2004, the Court certified a class in six of the approximately 300 other nearly identical actions and noted that the decision is intended to provide strong guidance to all parties regarding class certification in the remaining cases. The Underwriter Defendants sought leave to appeal this decision and the Second Circuit has accepted the appeal. Plaintiffs have not yet moved to certify a class in the Company’s case. The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectus was issued in connection with BSQUARE's initial public offering of 4 million shares of common stock at $15.00 per share that was completed on or about October 19, 1999 (the "IPO"). The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) Credit Suisse's agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted BSQUARE shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between Credit Suisse and certain of its customers whereby Credit Suisse would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase BSQUARE shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices. 
   				







           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2006, in June 2003, Issuers and plaintiffs reached a tentative settlement agreement that would, among other things, result in the dismissal with prejudice of all claims against the Issuers and Individuals in the IPO Lawsuits, and the assignment to plaintiffs of certain potential claims that the Issuers may have against the underwriters. The tentative settlement also provides that, in the event that plaintiffs ultimately recover less than a guaranteed sum of $1 billion from the IPO underwriters, plaintiffs would be entitled to payment by each participating Issuer’s insurer of a pro rata share of any shortfall in the plaintiffs’ guaranteed recovery. In September 2003, in connection with the possible settlement, those Individuals who had entered tolling agreements with plaintiffs (described above) agreed to extend those agreements so that they would not expire prior to any settlement being finalized. In June 2004, Chordiant and almost all of the other Issuers entered into a formal settlement agreement with the plaintiffs. On February 15, 2005, the Court issued a decision certifying a class action for settlement purposes, and granting preliminary approval of the settlement subject to modification of certain bar orders contemplated by the settlement. On August 31, 2005, the Court reaffirmed class certification and preliminary approval of the modified settlement in a comprehensive Order, and directed that Notice of the settlement be published and mailed to class members beginning November 15, 2005. On February 24, 2006, the Court dismissed litigation filed against certain underwriters in connection with the claims to be assigned to the plaintiffs under the settlement. On April 24, 2006, the Court held a Final Fairness Hearing to determine whether to grant final approval of the settlement. A decision is expected this summer 2006.As disclosed by the same SEC filing, beginning in July 2001, the Company and certain of its officers and directors (“Individuals”) were named as defendants in a series of class action shareholder complaints filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, now consolidated under the caption, In re Chordiant Software, Inc. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, Case No. 01-CV-6222. Similar complaints were filed in the same court against hundreds of other public companies (“Issuers”) that conducted IPO’s of their common stock in the late 1990s or in the year 2000 (collectively, the “IPO Lawsuits”).  In August 2001, all of the IPO Lawsuits were consolidated for pretrial purposes before United States Judge Shira Scheindlin of the Southern District of New York. In July 2002, we joined in a global motion to dismiss the IPO Lawsuits filed by all of the Issuers (among others). In October 2002, the Court entered an order dismissing the Individuals from the IPO Cases without prejudice, pursuant to an agreement tolling the statute of limitations with respect to the Individuals. In February 2003, the court issued a decision denying the motion to dismiss the Section 11 claims against Chordiant and almost all of the other Issuers and denying the motion to dismiss the Section 10(b) claims against Chordiant and many of the Issuers.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The Prospectus was issued in connection with Chordiant's initial public offering of 4.5 million shares of common stock at $18.00 per share that was completed on or about February 14, 2000. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Chordiant shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Chordiant shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the docket, on September 24, 2003, the Court entered the Preliminary Order  certifying the class action and the Settlement Fairness Hearing on January 16, 2004.  The hearing was held, and on January 21, 2004, the Court entered the Order and Final Judgment by U.S. District Judge Gary L. Lancaster granting the motion for Final Approval of the Class Action Settlement and granting the motion for an Award of Attorneys’ Fees and Reimbursement of Expenses.  Plaintiffs' Counsel was awarded attorneys' fees in the amount of 33-1/3% of the net Settlement Fund, and $191,787.98 in reimbursement of expenses from the Settlement.  The case is closed.By the Notice of Proposed Settlement dated October 31, 2003, a settlement for $7.1 million has been proposed and submitted to the class of plaintiffs.The original complaint charges defendants with violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for falsely reassuring investors during the class period that its revenues would rise this year, claiming that its geographic and business mix left it relatively immune from the economic downturn, and that it saw no need to change its guidance. The complaint further alleges that as a result of defendants' conduct, plaintiff and other members of the Class suffered damages.Specifically, the complaint alleges that on April 11, 2001, in reaction to analysts' concerns about the impact the economic downturn was having on the Company's industry, Defendants falsely assured the investing community that Marconi did not need to change its earning guidance because ``the end demand is still there.'' However, less than three months later, on July 4, 2001, Marconi belatedly issued a profit warning, finally disclosing that tougher trading conditions in the three months to June meant that sales for the year would be 15 percent lower than last year. In addition, operating profit would be down by 50 percent for the year ending March 2002. The disclosure of Marconi's true financial condition was devastating to shareholders. Marconi ADR's, which hit a class period high of $12.50 on May 2, 2001, and had closed at $7.03 on July 3, 2001, dropped by over fifty percent when trading resumed, and closed on July 5, 2001 at only $3.35 per share.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2005, in June 2004, a stipulation for the settlement and release of claims against the issuer defendants, including the Company, was submitted to the court. On February 15, 2005, the court granted preliminary approval of the settlement, subject to the parties’ modification of a proposed bar order relating to potential contribution claims. The settlement is subject to a number of conditions, including the final approval of the court. As disclosed by the same SEC filing, the Company, two of its current officers, one of its former officers and three underwriters in its initial public offering (“IPO”) were named as defendants in a consolidated shareholder lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, In re E.piphany, Inc. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 01-CV-6158. This is one of a number of actions coordinated for pretrial purposes as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92. Plaintiffs in the coordinated proceeding have brought claims under the federal securities laws against numerous underwriters, companies, and individuals, alleging generally that defendant underwriters engaged in improper and undisclosed activities concerning the allocation of shares in the IPOs of more than 300 companies during the period from late 1998 through 2000. Specifically, among other things, the plaintiffs allege that the prospectus pursuant to which shares of Company common stock were sold in the Company’s IPO contained certain false and misleading statements regarding the practices of the Company’s underwriters with respect to their allocation of shares of common stock in the Company’s IPO to their customers and their receipt of commissions from those customers related to such allocations, and that such statements and omissions caused the Company’s post-IPO stock price to be artificially inflated. The consolidated amended complaint in the Company’s case seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of the Company’s common stock between September 21, 1999 and December 6, 2000. The court has appointed a lead plaintiff for the consolidated action. The underwriter and issuer defendants filed motions to dismiss. These motions were denied as to all the underwriter defendants and the majority of issuer defendants, including the Company. The individual defendants have been dismissed from the action without prejudice pursuant to a tolling agreement. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Credit Suisse, Merrill and Robertson Stephens had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Credit Suisse, Merrill and Robertson Stephens allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of E.piphany shares issued in connection with the E.piphany IPO; and (ii) Credit Suisse, Merrill and Robertson Stephens had entered into agreements with customers whereby Credit Suisse, Merrill and Robertson Stephens agreed to allocate E.piphany shares to those customers in the E.piphany IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional E.piphany shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2005, on February 15, 2005, the Court granted preliminary approval of the settlement agreement, subject to certain modifications consistent with its opinion. Those modifications have been made. On March 20, 2006, the underwriter defendants submitted objections to the settlement to the Court. The Court held a hearing regarding these and other objections to the settlement at a fairness hearing on April 24, 2006, but has not yet issued a ruling. There is no assurance that the court will grant final approval to the settlement. As summarized by the same SEC filing, on July 9, 2001, several similarcases have been consolidated into a single action, and a consolidated complaint was filed on April 19, 2002. These actions are part of the IPO Securities Litigation against approximately 300 issuers and nearly 55 underwriters alleging claims virtually identical to those alleged against the Company. The action seeks damages in an unspecified amount. A motion to dismiss addressing issues common to the companies and individuals who have been sued in these actions has been denied. On October 13, 2004, the Court certified a class in six of the approximately 300 other nearly identical actions and noted that the decision is intended to provide strong guidance to all parties regarding class certification in the remaining cases. The underwriter defendants sought leave to appeal this decision and the Second Circuit has accepted the appeal. Plaintiffs have not yet moved to certify a class in the Portal case. The Company has approved a settlement agreement and related agreements which set forth the terms of a settlement between the Company, the plaintiff class and the vast majority of the other approximately 300 issuer defendants. Among other provisions, the settlement provides for a release of the Company and the individual defendants for the conduct alleged in the action to be wrongful. The Company would agree to undertake certain responsibilities, including agreeing to assign away, not assert, or release certain potential claims the Company may have against the underwriters. The settlement agreement also provides a guaranteed recovery of $1 billion to plaintiffs for the cases relating to all of the approximately 300 issuers. Pursuant to those agreements Portal’s insurers would participate in an undertaking to guarantee a minimum recovery by the plaintiffs. To the extent that the underwriter defendants settle all of the cases for at least $1 billion, no payment will be required under the issuers’ settlement agreement. To the extent that the underwriter defendants settle for less than $1 billion, the issuers (including Portal) are required to make up the difference. On April 20, 2006, JPMorgan Chase and the plaintiffs reached a preliminary agreement for a settlement for $425 million. The JPMorgan Chase settlement has not yet been approved by the Court. However, if it is finally approved, then the maximum amount that the issuers’ insurers will be potentially liable for is $575 million. It is anticipated that any potential financial obligation of Portal to plaintiffs pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement and related agreements will be covered by existing insurance. Therefore, the Company does not expect that the settlement will involve any payment by Portal. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Robertson Stephens had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Robertson Stephens allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Portal Software shares issued in connection with the Portal Software IPO; and (ii) Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Robertson Stephens had entered into agreements with customers whereby Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Robertson Stephens agreed to allocate Portal Software shares to those customers in the Portal Software IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Portal Software shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				

           			According to a press release dated November 14, 2006, the Immune Response Corporation announced that the Company has reached an agreement with class counsel to settle the consolidated federal securities law class action litigation filed against the Company in 2001, as well as the related California state-court derivative lawsuit, without admitting to any wrongdoing, fault or liability. The settlements also include Company directors and officers who were named in the lawsuits. The class action settlement, for approximately $9.6 million, will have no effect on the Company's operations, cash flow or financial position, as it is within insurance limits. The settlement is conditioned on notice to the class members and court approval. The preliminary settlement approval hearing is scheduled to occur on December 4, 2006.As disclosed by the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, several complaints have been consolidated into a single action under the name In re Immune Response Securities Litigation by order of the Court, and a consolidated, amended complaint was filed in July 2003. The consolidated, amended complaint names the Company and certain of its former officers as defendants, as well as Agouron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and one of its officers. The consolidated, amended complaint alleges that the Company, Agouron and/or such officers violated federal securities laws by misrepresenting and failing to disclose certain information about the results of clinical trials of Remune®. On October 31, 2003 the defendants filed motions to dismiss the consolidated, amended complaint. The court denied these motions on June 7, 2005.The original Complaint charges that Immune and Agouron withheld the results of Remune's major clinical trial, and instead hyped the prospects of Remune, even though defendants knew during the Class Period that Remune had no effect upon people with HIV and AIDS. The Complaint further alleges Defendants' false misrepresentations that Remune was effective in the fight against AIDS operated to artificially inflate the price of Immune stock.
   				



           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 29, 2006, in June 2004, a stipulation of settlement for the claims against the issuer defendants, including the Company, was submitted to the Court for approval. On August 31, 2005, the Court granted preliminary approval of the settlement. On April 24, 2006, the Court held a fairness hearing in connection with the motion for final approval of the settlement. The Court did not issue a ruling on the motion for final approval at the fairness hearing. The settlement remains subject to a number of conditions, including final approval by the Court.As summarized by the same SEC filing, on July 20, 2001, the first of a number of putative class actions for violations of the federal securities laws was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company, certain of its officers and directors, and certain of the underwriters for the Company’s initial public offering of securities. A consolidated amended class action captioned In Re Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation was filed on April 19, 2002. The complaint generally alleges that various underwriters engaged in improper and undisclosed activities related to the allocation of shares in the Company’s initial public offering and seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of common stock from May 24, 1999 to December 6, 2000. The lawsuit against the Company is being coordinated for pretrial proceedings with a number of other pending litigations challenging underwriter practices in over 300 cases as In Re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, 21 MC 92(SAS). In October 2002, the individual defendants were dismissed without prejudice from the action, pursuant to a tolling agreement. On February 19, 2003, the Court issued an Opinion and Order dismissing all of the plaintiffs’ claims against the Company. The complaint alleges that defendants violated the federal securities laws by issuing and selling Brocade common stock pursuant to the May 24, 1999 IPO without disclosing to investors that some of the underwriters in the offering, including the lead underwriters, had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors. The complaint alleges that, in exchange for the excessive commissions, members of the underwriting group allocated Brocade shares to customers at the IPO price of $19 per share. To receive the allocations (i.e., the ability to purchase shares) at $19, the underwriters' brokerage customers had to agree to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at progressively higher prices. The requirement that customers make additional purchases at progressively higher prices as the price of Brocade stock rocketed upward (a practice known on Wall Street as ``laddering'') was intended to (and did) drive Brocade's share price up to artificially high levels. This artificial price inflation, the complaint alleges, enabled both the underwriters and their customers to reap enormous profits by buying stock at the $19 IPO price and then selling it later for a profit at inflated aftermarket prices, which rose as high as $45.25 on May 25, 1999, more than doubling on its first day of trading. The complaint further alleges that defendants violated the Securities Act of 1933 because the Prospectus distributed to investors and the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in order to gain regulatory approval for the Brocade offering contained material misstatements regarding the commissions that the underwriters would derive from the IPO transaction and failed to disclose the additional commissions and ``laddering'' scheme discussed above.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated July 20, 2001, the complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information.  The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted OmniSky shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase OmniSky shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.NOTE:  On March 29, 2002, OmniSky Corporation filed a notice of bankruptcy.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, in June 2003, Lionbridge elected to participate in a proposed settlement agreement with the plaintiffs in this litigation. If ultimately approved by the Court, this proposed settlement would result in the dismissal, with prejudice, of all claims in the litigation against Lionbridge and against any other of the issuer defendants who elect to participate in the proposed settlement, together with the current or former officers and directors of participating issuers who were named as individual defendants. The proposed settlement does not provide for the resolution of any claims against underwriter defendants, and the litigation as against those defendants is continuing. The proposed settlement provides that the class members in the class action cases brought against the participating issuer defendants will be guaranteed a recovery of $1 billion by insurers of the participating issuer defendants. If recoveries totaling $1 billion or more are obtained by the class members from the underwriter defendants, however, the monetary obligations to the class members under the proposed settlement will be satisfied. The proposed settlement contemplates that any amounts necessary to fund the settlement or settlement-related expenses would come from participating issuers’ directors and officers’ liability insurance policy proceeds, as opposed to funds of the participating issuer defendants themselves. A participating issuer defendant could be required to contribute to the costs of the settlement if that issuer’s insurance coverage were insufficient to pay that issuer’s allocable share of the settlement costs. Lionbridge expects that its insurance proceeds will be sufficient for these purposes and that it will not otherwise be required to contribute to the proposed settlement. Consummation of the proposed settlement is conditioned upon obtaining approval by the Court. On September 1, 2005, the Court preliminarily approved the proposed settlement and directed that notice of the terms of the proposed settlement be provided to all class members. Thereafter, the Court held a fairness hearing on April 24, 2006, at which objections to the proposed settlement were heard. After the fairness hearing, the Court took under advisement whether to grant final approval to the proposed settlement. As summarized by the same SEC filing, on or about July 24, 2001, a purported securities class action lawsuit captioned “Samet v. Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. et al.” (01-CV-6770) was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the “Court”) against the Company, certain of its officers and directors, and certain underwriters involved in the Company’s initial public offering. The complaint in this action asserted, among other things, that omissions regarding the underwriters’ alleged conduct in allocating shares in Lionbridge’s initial public offering to the underwriters’ customers. In March 2002, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York entered an order dismissing without prejudice the claims against Lionbridge and its officers and directors (the case remained pending against the underwriter defendants). On April 19, 2002, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint naming as defendants not only the underwriter defendants but also Lionbridge and certain of its officers and directors. The amended complaint asserts claims under both the registration and antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws relating to, among other allegations, the underwriters’ alleged conduct in allocating shares in the Company’s initial public offering and the disclosures contained in the Company’s registration statement. The Company understands that various plaintiffs have filed approximately 1,000 lawsuits making substantially similar allegations against approximately 300 other publicly-traded companies in connection with the underwriting of their public offerings. On July 15, 2002, the Company, together with the other issuers named as defendants in these coordinated proceedings, filed a collective motion to dismiss the complaint on various legal grounds common to all or most of the issuer defendants. In October 2002, the claims against officers and directors were dismissed without prejudice. In February 2003, the Court issued its ruling on the motion to dismiss, ruling that the claims under the antifraud provisions of the securities laws could proceed against the Company and a majority of the other issuer defendants.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Lionbridge shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Lionbridge shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Order signed by U.S. District Judge Douglas P. Woodlock on November 1, 2001, the plaintiff, with the agreement of the parties, will file a Notice of Voluntary Dismissal.  The matter is dismissed without costs and without prejudice.  The case is closed.The class action charges certain officers and directors of Advanced Technical San with issuing false and misleading financial statements and news releases about the company's earnings and related party transactions. According to the complaint, the company failed to disclose transactions that should have been made public under both Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations. The transactions at issue were improper related party transactions.In a number of filings with the SEC, the company revealed that its auditors, Ernst & Young, resigned because it was ``no longer willing to accept managements representations'' and that defendant Boxall had ``falsified documents and misrepresented past events'' concerning the company. Advanced Deposition filed for bankruptcy court protection on April 13, 2001. The Nasdaq Stock Market has suspended trading of Advanced Deposition.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 30, 2006, four similar suits were filed against the Company and the individuals. The complaints are substantially identical to numerous other complaints filed against other companies that went public in 1999 and 2000. In September 2002, plaintiffs’ counsel in the above-mentioned lawsuits offered to individual defendants of many of the public companies being sued, including the Company, the opportunity to enter into a Reservation of Rights and Tolling Agreement that would dismiss without prejudice and without costs all claims against such persons if the company itself had entity coverage insurance. This agreement was signed by the former Company Chairman, the former chief financial officer, and Mr. the current General Counsel and Vice President of Business Development and the plaintiffs’ executive committee. Under the Reservation of Rights and Tolling Agreement, the plaintiffs dismissed the claims against such individuals. On February 19, 2003, the court in the above-mentioned lawsuits entered a ruling on the pending motions to dismiss, which dismissed some, but not all, of the plaintiffs’ claims against the Company. These lawsuits have been consolidated as part of In Re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation (SDNY). The Company has considered and agreed to enter into a proposed settlement offer with representatives of the plaintiffs in the consolidated proceeding, and we believe that any liability on behalf of the Company that may accrue under that settlement offer would be covered by our insurance policies. On August 31, 2005, the court preliminarily approved the proposed settlement. A fairness hearing will be held in 2006 before any final settlement is approved, if at all. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Credit Suisse, Merrill Lynch, Bear Stearns and Robertson Stephens had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Credit Suisse, Merrill Lynch, Bear Stearns and Robertson Stephens allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of McData shares issued in connection with the McData IPO; and (ii) Credit Suisse, Merrill Lynch, Bear Stearns and Robertson Stephens had entered into agreements with customers whereby Credit Suisse, Merrill Lynch, Bear Stearns and Robertson Stephens agreed to allocate McData shares to those customers in the McData IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional McData shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2005, on June 30, 2003, the Company’s board of directors approved a proposed settlement for this matter, which is part of a larger global settlement between the issuers and plaintiffs. The acceptance of the settlement by the plaintiffs is contingent on a number of factors, including the percentage of issuers who approve the proposed settlement. The Company has agreed to undertake other responsibilities under the proposed settlement, including agreeing to assign away, not assert or release certain potential claims the Company may have against its underwriters. Any direct financial impact of the proposed settlement is expected to be borne by the Company’s insurers. On February 15, 2005, the Court issued an order preliminarily approving the proposed settlement and scheduling a “fairness” hearing to determine whether to finally approve the settlement. As summarized by the same SEC filing, in July 2001, the Company, along with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Bear Stearns and FleetBoston Robertson Stephens (certain of the underwriters of the Company’s initial public offering (IPO)), as well as the Company’s chairman and chief executive officer, Robert Zollars, and its former chief financial officer, Frederick Ruegsegger, were named as defendants in two securities class action lawsuits filed in federal court in the Southern District of New York (No. 01 CV 6689 and No. 01 CV 6712) on behalf of those who purchased shares of the Company’s common stock from January 24, 2000 to December 6, 2000. These actions have since been consolidated, and a consolidated amended complaint was filed in the Southern District of New York on April 24, 2002. Approximately 300 other issuers and their underwriters have had similar suits filed against them, all of which are included in a single coordinated proceeding in the Southern District of New York. On July 1, 2002, the underwriter defendants moved to dismiss all of the IPO allocation litigation complaints against them, including the action involving the Company. On July 15, 2002, the Company, along with the other non-underwriter defendants in the coordinated cases, also moved to dismiss the litigation. Those motions were fully briefed on September 13 and September 27, 2002, respectively, and in February 2003, the Court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss. On October 9, 2002, all of the individual defendants, including Messrs. Zollars and Ruegsegger, were dismissed from the action without prejudice. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about January 24, 2000, Neoforma.com commenced an initial public offering of 7,000,000 of its shares of common stock at an offering price of $13 per share (the ``Neoforma.com IPO''). In connection therewith, Neoforma.com filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the ``Prospectus''), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Merrill Lynch, Bear Stearns and Robertson Stephens had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Merrill Lynch, Bear Stearns and Robertson Stephens allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Neoforma.com shares issued in connection with the Neoforma.com IPO; and (ii) Merrill Lynch, Bear Stearns and Robertson Stephens had entered into agreements with customers whereby Merrill Lynch, Bear Stearns and Robertson Stephens agreed to allocate Neoforma.com shares to those customers in the Neoforma.com IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Neoforma.com shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				

           			According to the Order entered on October 26, 2004, U.S. District Judge Douglas P. Woodlock approved the settlement as to the Individual Settling Defendants, certified the class action, and dismissed the action with prejudice.  The Plan of Allocation was further approved and Plaintiffs’ Counsel was awarded attorneys’ fees in the amount of 33% of the Settlement Fund and $45,572.00 in reimbursement of expenses with interest earned.  Lead Plaintiffs and certified Representative Plaintiffs were also awarded their reasonable costs and expenses, paid from the Settlement Fund.  The case is closed.In the Stipulation of Settlement filed on August 13, 2004, an all-cash Settlement Fund was established in the amount of $565,000 plus interest.  Earlier, by the Order dated October 24, 2001, the Massachusetts District Court appointed George Rhodes, Sara Rhodes, and Abbey Blatt as Co-Lead Plaintiffs (the “Representative Plaintiffs”) and approved the selection of Wolf Popper LLP to act as Plaintiffs’ Lead Counsel. By Order filed November 30, 2001, the New Mexico District Court transferred that action to the District of Massachusetts. Also on November 30, 2001, Plaintiffs served and filed their Amended Class Action Complaint (the “Complaint”).On January 7, 2002, Defendants moved to dismiss the Complaint. After full briefing and a hearing, by Memorandum and Order dated August 27, 2002, the District Court denied Defendants’ motions to dismiss. On November 13, 2002, Muse filed a Voluntary Petition under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Mexico (the “Bankruptcy Court”). On December 31, 2002, Plaintiffs and Individual Defendants entered into a stipulation and proposed order certifying the Class herein. The stipulation and order was endorsed by the District Court on January 9, 2003. After the motions to dismiss were denied, the automatic stay of discovery provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act (the “PSLRA”) was lifted and discovery commenced.The complaint charges Muse Technologies, Inc. and certain of its former and current officers and directors with violations under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and other provisions.  Specifically, the Complaint alleges that the defendants engaged in a plan to inflate the price of Muse common stock by misstating and/or concealing material information concerning the Company’s financial condition. Defendants falsely reported that none of the Company’s current assets consisted of securities when as significant portion of the Company’s current assets had secretly been invested in high-risk securities in a Merrill Lynch account which lost 85% of their value. Muse filed a 10-Q said that no money was invested in securities. Defendants acted with scienter (knowledge) in that they knew that the public documents and statements were materially false and misleading. Several purported class action complaints have also been filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Mexico.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, the Company has accepted a settlement proposal presented to all issuer defendants under which we would not be required to make any cash payment or have any material liability. Pursuant to the proposed settlement, plaintiffs would dismiss and release all claims against the Company and its current and former officers and directors, as well as all other issuer defendants, in exchange for an assurance by the insurance companies collectively responsible for insuring the issuers in all of the IPO cases that the plaintiffs will achieve a minimum recovery of $1 billion (including amounts recovered from the underwriters), and for the assignment or surrender of certain claims that the issuer defendants may have against the underwriters. Under the terms of the proposed settlement of claims against the issuer defendants, the insurance carriers for the issuers would pay the difference between $1 billion and all amounts which the plaintiffs recover from the underwriter defendants by way of settlement or judgment. On April 24, 2006, the court held a fairness hearing with respect to the proposed settlement. The court has not yet issued a ruling with respect to the proposed settlement.As summarized by the same SEC filing, in July and August 2001, the Company, as well as some of its current and former officers and directors and the investment banks that underwrote the Company’s initial public offering, were named as defendants in two purported class action lawsuits. These lawsuits, Seth Abrams v. Perot Systems Corp. et al. and Adrian Chin v. Perot Systems, Inc. et al., were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The suits allege violations of Rule 10b-5, promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933. Approximately 300 issuers and 40 investment banks have been sued in similar cases. The suits against the issuers and underwriters have been consolidated for pretrial purposes in the IPO Allocation Securities Litigation. During 2002, the current and former officers and directors of Perot Systems Corporation that were individually named in the lawsuits referred to above were dismissed from the cases. In exchange for the dismissal, the individual defendants entered agreements with the plaintiffs that toll the running of the statute of limitations and permit the plaintiffs to refile claims against them in the future. In February 2003, in response to the defendant’s motion to dismiss, the court dismissed the plaintiffs’ Rule 10b-5 claims against the Company, but did not dismiss the remaining claims.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Perot Systems shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Perot Systems shares in the after- market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Company’s Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2006,  in 2003, the Company agreed to a Memorandum and Understanding, which reflects a settlement of these class actions as between the purported class action plaintiffs, Stratos and the former officers and directors, and the Company’s liability insurers. Under the terms of the Memorandum of Understanding, the Company’s liability insurers will pay certain sums to the plaintiffs, with the amount dependent upon the plaintiffs’ recovery from the underwriters in the IPO class actions as a whole. The plaintiffs will dismiss with prejudice their claims against Stratos and its former officers and directors, and Stratos will assign to the plaintiffs certain claims that it may have against the underwriters. The plaintiffs filed with the court a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement, which, when granted, would lead to the mailing of class-wide notices of the settlement and a hearing date for approval of the settlement. The issuers, including Stratos, filed a statement joining in the plaintiffs’ motion for preliminary approval of the settlement. The underwriter defendants opposed the motion. On February 15, 2005, the Court issued its ruling granting the plaintiffs’ motion for preliminary approval of the settlement with the issuers, subject to certain changes to the bar order to be included as part of the settlement and to the notice to the class, and the Court recently approved the revisions made to the settlement and the notice pursuant to its prior order. The settlement still remains subject to final approval by the Court after notice of the settlement is sent to the class. A final fairness hearing on the settlement was held on April 24, 2006, at which time the Court took final approval of the settlement under advisement.As summarized by the same SEC filing, Stratos and certain of its former directors and executive officers have been named as defendants in purported class action lawsuits filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York. The complaints are substantially identical to numerous other complaints filed against other companies that went public during the time of Stratos’ IPO. The first of these lawsuits, filed on July 25, 2001, is captioned Kucera v. Stratos Lightwave, Inc. et al. No. 01 CV 6821. Three other similar lawsuits have also been filed against Stratos and certain of its former directors and executive officers. The complaints also name as defendants the underwriters for Stratos’ initial public offering. The complaints generally allege, among other things, that the registration statement and prospectus from our June 26, 2000 initial public offering failed to disclose certain alleged actions by the underwriters for the offering. The complaints charge Stratos and several of its former directors and executive officers with violations of Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Section 10(b) and Section 20(a) to the Security Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The complaints also allege claims solely against the underwriting defendants under Section 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Stratos Lightwave shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Stratos Lightwave shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006, in July 2001, the Company and several of its current and former officers were named as defendants in two securities class-action lawsuits based on alleged errors and omissions concerning underwriting terms in the prospectus for our initial public offering. In April 2002, these lawsuits were consolidated with more than 300 similar pending cases filed against companies that completed initial public offerings between 1997 and 2000 and the underwriters that took them public. In July 2003, the Company decided to participate in a proposed settlement negotiated by representatives of a coalition of issuers named as defendants in similar actions and their insurers. Although the Company believes that the plaintiffs’ claims have no merit, the Company decided to participate in the proposed settlement to avoid the cost and distraction of continued litigation. The proposed settlement agreement would dispose of all remaining claims against the Company and the individual present and former officers of Concur named as defendants, without any admission of wrongdoing by the Company or the individual defendants. The proposed settlement has been preliminarily approved by the court, but remains subject to final approval by the parties and the court.The complaint alleges violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) defendant had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which defendant allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Concur shares issued in connection with the Concur IPO; and (ii) defendant had entered into agreements with customers whereby defendant agreed to allocate Concur shares to those customers in the Concur IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Concur shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2006, the underwriters for the Company’s initial public offering, Goldman Sachs & Co., Lehman Bros, Hambrecht & Quist LLC, and Wit Soundview Capital Corp, the Company, and certain current and former officers of the Company were named as defendants in federal securities class action lawsuits filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The cases allege violations of various securities laws by more than 300 issuers of stock, including the Company, and the underwriters for such issuers, on behalf of a class of plaintiffs who, in the case of the Company, purchased the Company’s common stock between September 21, 1999 and December 6, 2000 in connection with the Company’s initial public offering. Specifically, the complaints allege that the underwriter defendants engaged in a scheme concerning sales of the Company’s and other issuers’ securities in the initial public offering and in the aftermarket. In July 2003, the Company decided to join in a settlement negotiated by representatives of a coalition of issuers named as defendants in this action and their insurers. Although the Company believes that the plaintiffs’ claims have no merit, the Company has decided to accept the settlement proposal to avoid the cost and distraction of continued litigation. Because the settlement will be funded entirely by the Company’s insurers, the Company does not believe that the settlement will have any effect on its financial condition, results of operation, or cash flows. The proposed settlement agreement is subject to final approval by the court. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) the Underwriter Defendants had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which the Underwriter Defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Kana shares issued in connection with the Kana IPO; and (ii) the Underwriter Defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby they agreed to allocate Kana shares to those customers in the Kana IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Kana shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For The Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2006, the Company has accepted a settlement proposal presented to all issuer defendants. Under the settlement, plaintiffs will dismiss and release all claims against the Microtune defendants. The insurance companies collectively responsible for insuring the issuer defendants in all of the IPO cases will guarantee plaintiffs a recovery of $1 billion, an amount that covers all of the IPO cases. Under this guarantee, the insurers will pay the difference, if any, between $1 billion and the amount collected by the plaintiffs from the underwriter defendants in all of the IPO cases. The Microtune defendants will not be required to pay any money in the settlement. However, any payment made by the insurers will be charged to the respective insurance policies covering each issuer’s case on a pro rata basis (that is, the total insurance company payments will be divided by the number of cases that settle). If the pro rata charge exceeds the amount of insurance coverage for an issuer, that issuer would be responsible for additional payments. The proposal also provides that the insurers will pay for the company’s legal fees going forward. The settlement will require final approval of the Court, which cannot be assured. On February 15, 2005, the Court issued an order providing preliminary approval of the settlement except to the extent the settlement would have cut off contractual indemnification claims that underwriters may have against securities issuers, such as Microtune. On September 1, 2005, the Court finalized its preliminary approval of the settlement. A hearing to consider final approval of the settlement was held on April 24, 2006 and the Court has not determined at this time whether to approve the settlement.As summarized by the same SEC filing, starting on July 11, 2001, multiple purported securities fraud class action complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The Company is aware of at least three such complaints. The complaints are brought purportedly on behalf of all persons who purchased the Company’s common stock from August 4, 2000 through December 6, 2000 and are related to In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation (IPO cases). The complaints were consolidated and amended on May 29, 2002. The amended complaint alleges liability under §§ 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (1933 Act Claims) and §§ 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (1934 Act Claims), on the grounds that the registration statement for Company’s initial public offering did not disclose that (1) the underwriters had agreed to allow certain of their customers to purchase shares in the offering in exchange for excess commissions paid to the underwriters, and (2) the underwriters had arranged for certain of their customers to purchase additional shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. The amended complaint also alleges that false analyst reports were issued. No specific amount of damages is claimed. The Company is aware that similar allegations have been made in other lawsuits filed in the Southern District of New York challenging over 300 other initial public offerings and secondary offerings conducted in 1998, 1999 and 2000. Those cases have been consolidated for pretrial purposes before the Honorable Shira A. Scheindlin. On February 19, 2003, the Court ruled on all defendants’ motions to dismiss. The Court denied the motions to dismiss the 1933 Act Claims. The Court did not dismiss the 1934 Act Claims against the Company and other issuers and underwriters.The complaint alleges violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) defendants had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Microtune shares issued in connection with the Microtune IPO; and (ii) defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby defendants agreed to allocate Microtune shares to those customers in the Microtune IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Microtune shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				

           			According to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, the Company has approved a settlement agreement and related agreements which set forth the terms of a settlement between Autobytel, the plaintiff class and the vast majority of the other approximately 300 issuer defendants. Among other provisions, the settlement provides for a release of the Company and the Autobytel Individual Defendants for the conduct alleged in the action to be wrongful. The Company would agree to undertake certain responsibilities, including agreeing to assign away, not assert, or release certain potential claims the Company may have against its underwriters. The settlement agreement also provides a guaranteed recovery of one billion dollars to plaintiffs for the cases relating to all of the approximately 300 issuers. On April 20, 2006, JPMorgan Chase and the plaintiffs reached a preliminary agreement for a settlement for $425 million. The JPMorgan Chase settlement has not yet been approved by the Court. However, if it is finally approved, then the maximum amount that the issuers’ insurers will be potentially liable for is $575 million. To the extent that the underwriter defendants settle all of the cases for at least one billion dollars, no payment will be required under the issuers’ settlement agreement. To the extent that the underwriter defendants settle for less than $1 billion, the issuers are required to make up the difference. It is anticipated that any potential financial obligation of the Company to plaintiffs pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement and related agreements will be directly covered and paid by its insurance carriers. On February 15, 2005, the Court granted preliminary approval of the settlement agreement, subject to certain modifications consistent with its opinion. Those modifications have been made. On March 20, 2006, the Underwriter Defendants submitted objections to the settlement to the Court. The Court held a hearing regarding these and any other objections to the settlement at a fairness hearing on April 24, 2006, but it has not yet issued a ruling. There is no assurance that the Court will grant final approval to the settlement.As summarized by the same SEC filing, on August 2001, a purported class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Autobytel and certain of the Company’s current and former directors and officers (the “Autobytel Individual Defendants”) and underwriters involved in the Company’s initial public offering. The complaints against the Company have been consolidated with two other complaints that relate to its initial public offering but do not name it as a defendant, and a Consolidated Amended Complaint, which is now the operative complaint, was filed on April 19, 2002.  The action is being coordinated with approximately 300 other nearly identical actions filed against other companies. A motion to dismiss addressing issues common to the companies and individuals who have been sued in these actions was filed on July 15, 2002. On October 9, 2002, the Court dismissed the Autobytel Individual Defendants from the case without prejudice based upon Stipulations of Dismissal filed by the plaintiffs and the Autobytel Individual Defendants. On February 19, 2003, the Court denied the motion to dismiss the complaint against the Company. On October 13, 2004, the Court certified a class in six of the approximately 300 other nearly identical actions and noted that the decision is intended to provide strong guidance to all parties regarding class certification in the remaining cases. The Underwriter Defendants sought leave to appeal this decision and the Second Circuit has accepted the appeal. Plaintiffs have not yet moved to certify a class in the Company case. The complaint alleges violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) defendants had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Autobytel shares issued in connection with the Autobytel IPO; and (ii) defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby defendants agreed to allocate Autobytel shares to those customers in the Autobytel IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Autobytel shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2005, on August 10, 2001, a class action complaint was filed against the Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. A consolidated amended class action complaint, In re Bottomline Technologies Inc. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, was filed on April 20, 2002. The amended complaint supersedes the class action complaint filed against us in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on August 10, 2001. In July 2002, Bottomline and the individual defendants joined in an omnibus motion to dismiss, which challenged the legal sufficiency of plaintiffs’ claims. The motion was filed on behalf of hundreds of issuer and individual defendants named in similar lawsuits. Plaintiffs opposed the motion, and the court heard oral argument on the motion in early November 2002. On February 19, 2003, the court issued an order denying the motion to dismiss as to Bottomline. In addition, in early October 2002, the individual defendants were dismissed from this case without prejudice. A special litigation committee of the board of directors of Bottomline authorized Bottomline to negotiate a settlement of the pending claims substantially consistent with a memorandum of understanding negotiated among class plaintiffs, all issuer defendants and their insurers.  The parties have negotiated a settlement, which is subject to approval by the court. On February 15, 2005, the court issued an Opinion and Order preliminarily approving the settlement, provided that the defendants and plaintiffs agree to a modification narrowing the scope of the bar order set forth in the original settlement agreement. If the settlement is not approved, we intend to vigorously defend ourselves against this amended complaint. We do not currently believe that the outcome of this proceeding will have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.The complaint alleges violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) Robertson Stephens had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which Robertson Stephens allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Bottomline shares issued in connection with the Bottomline IPO; and (ii) Robertson Stephens had entered into agreements with customers whereby Robertson Stephens agreed to allocate Bottomline shares to those customers in the Bottomline IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Bottomline shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated July 25, 2001, the complaint alleges violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) defendants had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of iBeam shares issued in connection with the iBeam IPO; and (ii) defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby defendants agreed to allocate iBeam shares to those customers in the iBeam IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional iBeam shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				

           			The original Complaint alleges that defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, by issuing a series of material misrepresentations to the market between April 19, 2001 and July 19, 2001, thereby artificially inflating the price of Scientific-Atlanta securities. Specifically, throughout the Class Period, defendants issued materially false and misleading information with regard to the financial results of its third fiscal quarter. For example, on May 11, 2001, in a Form 10-Q that was filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, defendants reported their financial results and highlighted an increase in production capacity of set-tops. On July 19, 2001, defendants reported Scientific-Atlanta's financial results for the fiscal fourth quarter of 2001 and shocked the market by reporting a 21% decline in bookings from the previous year's fourth quarter. This decline in bookings was attributable to, among other things, a surplus in customer inventory levels, which defendants knew, or should have known, at the time they filed the Company's Form 10-Q on May 11, 2001, making the representations in the Form 10-Q regarding production capacity materially false and misleading. Additionally, the Company announced that it was revising its earnings estimates for the first quarter of fiscal 2002. The market reaction to this announcement was immediate and punitive, as shares of Scientific-Atlanta plummeted by more than 34%, or $12.08, to close at $23 per share, on heavy trading volume.According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 1, 2005, on July 24, 2001, a purported class action alleging violations of the federal securities laws by the Company and certain of the its officers was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. After July 24, 2001, several actions with similar allegations were filed. A lead plaintiff and lead counsel were selected by the court in December 2001, and a consolidated complaint was filed by the lead counsel in January 2002. The U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia denied on December 23, 2002 the Company’s motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint. The District Court then certified for appeal to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals an issue related to its decision on the motion to dismiss. On June 22, 2004, the Eleventh Circuit affirmed the District Court’s order denying the Company’s motion to dismiss. The action is currently in discovery.  On April 15, 2005, a movant filed a motion to certify the class. On September 7, 2007, Judge Richard W. Story granted the motion to certify the class.On January 26, 2010, the defendants filed a motion for summary judgment, filed under seal.  This motion was granted by the Order signed by Judge Richard W. Story.  Judgment was entered in favor of the defendants and the civil action is now terminated.   On December 17, 2010, a Notice of Appeal was filed.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated July 24, 2001, the complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Eloquent shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Eloquent shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended December 31, 2005, in June 2003, the Company, implementing the determination made by a special independent committee of the Board of Directors, elected to participate in a proposed settlement agreement with the plaintiffs in this litigation. If ultimately approved by the Court, this proposed settlement would result in a dismissal, with prejudice, of all claims in the litigation against us and against any of the other issuer defendants who elect to participate in the proposed settlement, together with the current or former officers and directors of participating issuers who were named as individual defendants. The proposed settlement does not provide for the resolution of any claims against the underwriter defendants, and the litigation as against those defendants is continuing. The proposed settlement provides that the class members in the class action cases brought against the participating issuer defendants will be guaranteed a recovery of $1.0 billion by insurers of the participating issuer defendants. If recoveries totaling $1.0 billion or more are obtained by the class members from the underwriter defendants, however, the monetary obligations to the class members under the proposed settlement will be satisfied. In addition, the Company and any other participating issuer defendants will be required to assign to the class members certain claims that they may have against the underwriters of their IPOs. Consummation of the proposed settlement is conditioned upon obtaining final approval by the Court. On September 1, 2005, the Court preliminarily approved the proposed settlement, directed that notice of the terms of the proposed settlement be provided to class members, and scheduled a fairness hearing, at which objections to the proposed settlement will be heard. Thereafter, the Court will determine whether to grant final approval to the proposed settlement. As summarized by the same SEC filing, on April 19, 2002, a consolidated amended class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint, which superseded five virtually identical complaints that had been filed from July 24, 2001 to September 5, 2001, names as defendants the Company, two of our officers, and certain underwriters involved in our initial public offering of common stock (“IPO”). Pursuant to a stipulation between the parties, the Company’s two named officers were dismissed from the lawsuit, without prejudice, on October 9, 2002. On February 19, 2003, the Court ruled on a motion to dismiss the complaint that had been filed by the Company, along with the three hundred plus other publicly-traded companies that have been named by various plaintiffs in substantially similar lawsuits. The Court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss the claim filed against it under Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the claim filed against it under Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933, as it denied the motions under this statute for virtually every other company sued in the substantially similar lawsuits.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted MatrixOne shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase MatrixOne shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated July 24, 2001, the complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Mediaplex shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Mediaplex shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-K for the period from November 1, 2004 to October 31, 2005, the settlement was presented to the Court for preliminary approval in June 2004.  The Court preliminarily approved most of the settlement in February 2005, but requested a few minor modifications be made to its terms.  These modifications were made and the Court preliminarily approved the modified settlement agreement in August 2005.  The settlement agreement will be presented to shareholders in the coming months.  While the Court is expected to finally approve or disapprove the settlement following the period of notice and possible objections by shareholders, there can be no guarantee that the settlement will be judicially approved.As summarized by the same SEC filing, in July and August 2001, the Company and certain of its officers were named as defendants in five purported securities class action lawsuits filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York, captioned as In re GRIC Communications, Inc. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, No. 01 Civ 6771 (SAS), and consolidated with more than three hundred substantially identical proceedings as In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation, Master File No. 21 MC 92 (SAS). The Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint for Violation of the Federal Securities Laws (“Consolidated Complaint”) was filed on or about April 19, 2002. In October 2002, certain of the Company’s officers and directors who had been named as defendants in the In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation were dismissed without prejudice upon order of the presiding judge. In February 2003, the presiding judge dismissed the Section 10(b) claims against the Company and its named officers and directors with prejudice. From September 2002 through June 2003, the Company participated in settlement negotiations with a committee of issuers’ litigation counsel, plaintiffs’ executive committee and representatives of various insurance companies (the “Insurers”). The Company’s Insurers were actively involved in the settlement negotiations, and strongly supported a settlement proposal presented to the Company for consideration in early June 2003. The settlement proposed by the plaintiffs would be paid for by the Insurers and would dispose of all remaining claims against the Company.  The Company decided to approve the settlement proposal in July 2003. The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. Specifically, the complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted GRIC shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase GRIC shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According Emdeon Corporation’s (f/k/a WebMD Corporation) Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006, seven purported class action lawsuits were filed against Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and Goldman Sachs & Co., underwriters of the initial public offering of the Company (then known as Healtheon) in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Three of these suits also named the Company and certain former officers and directors of the Company as defendants. These suits were filed in the wake of reports of governmental investigations of the underwriters’ practices in the distribution of shares in certain initial public offerings. Similar suits were filed in connection with over 300 other initial public offerings that occurred in 1999, 2000 and 2001. After mediation, the issuer defendants in the consolidated action (including the Company), the affected insurance companies and the plaintiffs reached an agreement on a settlement to resolve the matter among the participating issuer defendants, their insurers and the plaintiffs. The settlement calls for the participating issuers’ insurers jointly to guarantee that plaintiffs recover a certain amount in the IPO litigation and certain related litigation from the underwriters and other non-settling defendants. Accordingly, in the event that the guarantee becomes payable, the agreement calls for the Company’s insurance carriers, not the Company, to pay the Company’s pro rata share. The Company and virtually all of the approximately 260 other issuer defendants who are eligible have also elected to participate in the settlement. On June 10, 2004, plaintiffs submitted to the court a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement with Defendant Issuers and Individuals. On February 15, 2005, the court certified the proposed settlement class and preliminarily approved the settlement, subject to certain modifications, to which the parties agreed. On August 31, 2005, the court ordered that notice be mailed to the class members beginning on November 15, 2005, and no later than January 15, 2006, and scheduled a hearing for final approval of the settlement for April 24, 2006. On April 24, 2006, the court held a hearing for final approval of the settlement. The court has not yet decided the approval motion. As is usual in securities class action settlements, the Company has received a number of requests for exclusion (or “opt-outs”) from the settlement. Although the Company is not aware of any lawsuits filed against it by any opt-outs, the Company cannot predict whether any will file suit. The complaint alleges violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) defendants had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of WebMD shares issued in connection with the WebMD IPO; and (ii) defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby defendants agreed to allocate WebMD shares to those customers in the WebMD IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional WebMD shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. The complaint also alleges that the underwriters of the IPO engaged in a pattern of conduct to surreptitiously extract inflated commissions greater than those disclosed in the Offering materials, among other acts of misconduct. 
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 2, 2006, Airspan has approved a settlement agreement and related agreements which set forth the terms of a settlement between Airspan, the Individual Defendants, the plaintiff class and the vast majority of the other approximately 300 issuer defendants and the individual defendants currently or formerly associated with those companies. Among other provisions, the settlement provides for a release of Airspan and the individual defendants for the conduct alleged in the action to be wrongful. Airspan would agree to undertake certain responsibilities, including agreeing to assign away, not assert, or release certain potential claims Airspan may have against its underwriters. The settlement agreement also provides a guaranteed recovery of $1 billion to plaintiffs for the cases relating to all of the approximately 300 issuers. To the extent that the underwriter defendants settle all of the cases for at least $1 billion, no payment will be required under the issuers’ settlement agreement. To the extent that the underwriter defendants settle for less than $1 billion, the issuers are required to make up the difference. On April 20, 2006, JPMorgan Chase and the plaintiffs reached a preliminary agreement for a settlement for $425 million. The JPMorgan Chase settlement has not yet been approved by the Court. However, if it is finally approved, then the maximum amount that the issuers’ insurers will be potentially liable for is $575 million. It is anticipated that any potential financial obligation of Airspan to plaintiffs pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement and related agreements will be covered by existing insurance. On February 15, 2005, the Court granted preliminary approval of the settlement agreement, subject to certain modifications consistent with its opinion. Those modifications have been made. On March 20, 2006, the Underwriter Defendants submitted objections to the settlement to the Court. The Court held a hearing regarding those and other objections to the settlement at a fairness hearing on March 24, 2006, but has not yet issued a ruling. There is no assurance that the court will grant final approval to the settlement. As disclosed by the same SEC filing, On and after July 23, 2001, three Class Action Complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. A Consolidated Amended Complaint, which is now the operative complaint, was filed on April 19, 2002.  This action is being coordinated with approximately three hundred other nearly identical actions filed against other companies. On July 15, 2002, the Company moved to dismiss all claims against it and the Individual Defendants. On October 9, 2002, the Court dismissed the Individual Defendants from the case without prejudice based upon Stipulations of Dismissal filed by the plaintiffs and the Individual Defendants. This dismissal disposed of the Section 15 and 20(a) control person claims without prejudice, since these claims were asserted only against the Individual Defendants. On February 19, 2003, the Court dismissed the Section 10(b) claim against us, but allowed the Section 11 claim to proceed. On October 13, 2004, the Court certified a class in six of the approximately 300 other nearly identical actions. In her Opinion, Judge Scheindlin noted that the decision is intended to provide strong guidance to all parties regarding class certification in the remaining cases. Judge Scheindlin determined that the class period for Section 11 claims is the period between the IPO and the date that unregistered shares entered the market. Judge Scheindlin also ruled that a proper class representative of a Section 11 class must (1) have purchased shares during the appropriate class period; and (2) have either sold the shares at a price below the offering price or held the shares until the time of suit. In two of the six cases, the class representatives did not meet the above criteria and therefore, the Section 11 cases were not certified. The Underwriter Defendants sought to appeal the class certification decision and the Second Circuit has accepted the appeal. Plaintiffs have not yet moved to certify a class in the Airspan case.The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Airspan shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Airspan shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2006, on September 1, 2005, the Court preliminarily approved the proposed settlement, directed that notice of the terms of the proposed settlement be provided to class members, and scheduled a fairness hearing. On April 24, 2006, the Court held a fairness hearing in connection with the motion for final approval of the proposed settlement at which objections to the proposed settlement were heard. The Court did not issue a ruling at the fairness hearing. The settlement remains subject to a number of conditions, including final approval of the Court.As summarized by the same SEC filing, the Company is a defendant in certain purported class action lawsuits filed byindividual shareholders in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against certain of its former officers and directors, and various of the underwriters in the Company’s initial public offering ("IPO") and secondary offering. On or about October 8, 2002, the Court entered an Order dismissing the claims asserted against certain individual defendants in the consolidated actions without any payment from these individuals or the Company. On or about February 19, 2003, the Court entered an Order dismissing with prejudice the claims asserted against the Company under Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. As a result, the only claims that remain against the Company are those arising under Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The parties have negotiated and executed a definitive settlement agreement. The proposed settlement provides that the class members in the class action cases brought against the participating issuer defendants will be guaranteed a recovery of $1 billion by insurers of the participating issuer defendants. If recoveries totaling $1 billion or more are obtained by the class members from the underwriter defendants, however, the monetary obligations to the class members under the proposed settlement will be satisfied. In addition, the Company and any other participating issuer defendants will be required to assign to the class members certain claims that they may have against the underwriters of their IPO's. The proposed settlement contemplates that any amounts necessary to fund the settlement or settlement-related expenses would come from participating issuers' directors and officers liability insurance policy proceeds as opposed to funds of the participating issuer defendants themselves. A participating issuer defendant could be required to contribute to the costs of the settlement if that issuer's insurance coverage were insufficient to pay that issuer's allocable share of the settlement costs. If ultimately approved by the Court, the proposed settlement would result in the dismissal, with prejudice, of all claims in the litigation against the Company and all of the other issuer defendants who have elected to participate in the proposed settlement, together with the current or former officers and directors of participating issuers who were named as individual defendants. The proposed settlement does not provide for the resolution of any claims against the underwriter defendants, and the litigation as against those defendants is continuing. Consummation of the proposed settlement remains conditioned upon obtaining approval by the Court. The complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the "Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Liquid Audio shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Liquid Audio shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated July 25, 2001, the complaint charges with violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that (i) defendants had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of StarMedia shares issued in connection with the StarMedia IPO; and (ii) defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby defendants agreed to allocate StarMedia shares to those customers in the StarMedia IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional StarMedia shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices. As alleged in the complaint, the SEC is investigating underwriting practices in connection with several other initial public offerings.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated July 25, 2001, the complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. On or about June 17, 1999, Viant commenced an initial public offering of 3,000,000 of its shares of its common stock at an offering price of $16 per share (the "Viant IPO"). In connection therewith, Viant filed a registration statement, which incorporated a prospectus (the "Prospectus"), with the SEC. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) the Underwriter Defendants had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which the Underwriter Defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Viant shares issued in connection with the Viant IPO; and (ii) the Underwriter Defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby they agreed to allocate Viant shares to those customers in the Viant IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Viant shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices.NOTE:  On April 3, 2003, Viant Corporation filed a notice of bankruptcy.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated July 27, 2001, the complaint charges defendants with violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for issuing a Registration Statement and Prospectus (the"Prospectus") that contained materially false and misleading information and failed to disclose material information. The complaint alleges that the Prospectus was false and misleading because it failed to disclose (i) the Underwriter Defendants' agreement with certain investors to provide them with significant amounts of restricted Rowe.com shares in the IPO in exchange for exorbitant and undisclosed commissions; and (ii) the agreement between the Underwriter Defendants and certain of its customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants would allocate shares in the IPO to those customers in exchange for the customers' agreement to purchase Rowe.com shares in the after-market at pre-determined prices.NOTE:  On April 2, 2003, Rowe.com, Inc filed a notice of bankruptcy.
   				

           			According to the Company’s FORM 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2003, on June 12, 2002, certain plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint captioned In re Global Crossing Ltd. Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging that certain current and former officers and directors of the Company violated the federal securities laws through agreements with underwriters in connection with the Company’s initial public offering and other offerings of Company shares. The Complaint seeks damages in an unstated amount, pre-judgment and post- judgment interest, and attorneys’ and expert witness fees. This consolidated action involving the Company is further consolidated in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York with cases against approximately 309 other public issuers and their underwriters under the caption In re Initial Public Offering Securities Litigation. Pursuant to the automatic stay of litigation imposed by the Bankruptcy Code, the Company was not a defendant in this action during the pendency of its chapter 11 reorganization. The Company believes that any liability it may have had in respect of this action was subject to indemnification by the firms that acted as underwriters in the applicable securities offerings. Any monetary liability was in any event, discharged upon consummation of the Company’s Plan of Reorganization.The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) the Underwriter Defendants had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which the Underwriter Defendants allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Global Crossing shares issued in connection with the Global Crossing IPO; and (ii) the Underwriter Defendants had entered into agreements with customers whereby the Underwriter Defendants agreed to allocate Global Crossing shares to those customers in the Global Crossing IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Global Crossing shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices.
   				

           			According to a Press Release dated July 27, 2001, the complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint further alleges that the Prospectus was materially false and misleading because it failed to disclose, among other things, that: (i) the Bear Stearns, Robertson Stephens, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley had solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain investors in exchange for which the Bear Stearns, Robertson Stephens, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley allocated to those investors material portions of the restricted number of Net2Phone shares issued in connection with the Net2Phone IPO; and (ii) the Bear Stearns, Robertson Stephens, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley had entered into agreements with customers whereby the Bear Stearns, Robertson Stephens, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley agreed to allocate Net2Phone shares to those customers in the Net2Phone IPO in exchange for which the customers agreed to purchase additional Net2Phone shares in the aftermarket at pre-determined prices.
   				
